{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f3\fnil Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 brimstone fall dialogue.\line\line Prior to entry, lancer appears to the party\line\line On the way to the mine, it is raining day and night. On arrival, the rain relents.\line\line They will see smoke if highly perceptive, or the glow of a small fire at night.\line It's a pile of 3 \b pecos\b0 . They wear thin steel armor, and have shortswords. One long haired, the other two larger men. They will try and hide their fire if threatened with detection.\line --They run their gang out of a fisher's saloon on the bank of chasewater lake.\line\line They have two prisoners bound out of the weather. They are slaves.\line The men will attempt to fight weakly if the party enters their camp. They are exhausted.\line "I don't want to kill you. Leave. Do better." Ravi will tell them.\line\par
On the way to brimstone, they find a half-destroyed building inside a ruined city.\line It seems to be a school. There are some textbooks laying about.\line "The twelve elven tribes" - \line\b Achu- \b0 Achu were one of the twelve tribes born from the sun and earth. They were born "of the high and fiery mountains", which probably refers to a volcanic region\line\b Propoli-\b0 born "in a village", and were probably one of the first of the twelve tribes to settle in one place. They are the builders and inventors who founded many great cities.\line\b Carnilia-\b0 born "on a fertile plain", and were probably the first to develop agriculture.\line\b Zencori\b0 - born "on a wind", which may refer to mountains, or to their habits of nomadism.\line\b Mendi- \b0 born "in a deep wood". They are described as healers.\line The remainder of the book is illegible.\line\line "The elven social structure, know your enemy!"\line Only the table of contents is intact.\line "The Caesar"\line\tab - Role details\line\tab - Known Caesars\line\tab - From legate to Caesar, Tribal election\line "The Legates"\line\tab - Right of succession\line\tab - Tribal rulings\line\tab - Interim succession in times of crisis\par
"The Elven conflict"\line\tab -Resources strain, the economic battle over coal\line\tab -The Cold war during the Hot war, the Titan war\line\tab -Conflict begins, attempted assasination at martholm\line\tab -Megaspells, creation, espionage, and treason\line\tab -Where the war may go next, and how to prepare.\par
\line Lancer is following the party. He will put it to ravi's head.\line There will be a faint shimmer, and a long thin rifle barrel will appear out of the air.\line This close, the shape of whatever supports it appears to be faint blurs in the air. There was a small blue flash, and a shimmering cloak appeared around a lithe elf holding a long elegant rifle of mithral, and cold-iron. \line (Perception notes his blue facial tattoos, deep azure eyes, and unblinking nature)\line "R... Ravi Alabaster"\line **The cloak flickers lightly as the man speaks, as if feebly trying to quiet his words, but merely interfering with them in the already silent vicinity.**\line -"Lancer".\line "I don't think you want to kill me. I'd rather not kill you"\line -"Liar"\line "Of all the shit in the last two months, am I going to die over a war with elves?"\line -"The war is not over"\line\line Ravi flicks the rifle's bolt with a tiny shimmering golden light, cast a barrier around the loaded round, and flipped it from the rifle.\line Lancer eludes attacks, flips backward, catches the shell in his teeth, spits it back into the chamber and re-slams the bolt home.\par
"We aren't here to kill you, in fact I bet we're here for the same reason! Free the elves?"\line\line -"I would not be opposed to seeing my people returned to freedom"\line He says unblinking. "Do you serve the stars?"\par
-"Then who do you serve?"\line\line Ravi : I'm trying to serve the whole continent right now!\line Ravi: How's that answer?\par
"It is, sufficient".\line\line He straightens, places his rifle at his side, directed it at the ceiling.\line\par

\pard The side of the hill had been jaggedly removed. Replaced with steel scaffold to support more precarious areas. Stone, debris, and other discardants flowed in haphazard piles outward from the hill like an unmoving river. At the hill's base, a cavern entrance.\line There are many elves shoving carts around here. They wear ruined rags, and some threaten to collapse themselves in exhaustion.\line There are a collection of several buildings outside, they seem empty.\line Carts are removed from, and placed on the track.\line - at night, a lone light opens up and sweeps over the empty buildings.\line -several lights point outward once not needed to illuminate the site.\par
-The slaves, and some of the guards have glowing red collars around their necks.\line -A clever/perceptive person notices the guards that have a purple swirl emblem patterend on their armor somewhere do not. While the guards with red neck-hoods do.\line There are two whipmasters here without collars.\line\f1\fs30\ldblquote Move them, you worthless slugs. Move them!\rdblquote  The brakes were released, and the railcars\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 began crawling slowly\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/EH3F1_rMQdk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/EH3F1_rMQdk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs30\lang1033  mine ambience, include rock crusher\f1\lang9\par
\f0\fs22 Inside, there is a small office built into the mouth of the tunne.\line Within, the foreman is working over papers.\line He wears a bracelt. it glows a matching red.\line There is a female elf chained to the wall in this room. Her name is xanthe. She has blue stripes tattooed on her face.\line There is a safebox in here, nearly hip-high. Within lay a mithral dagger +1, a 5-chamber revolver with a small box of 20 casings, 5 small mana crystals (replaces the spell slot cost, by one level per crystal. 50% chance to consume.\line\line\f1\fs30\ldblquote You\rquote re going to get us all killed,\rdblquote\f0\lang1033  - the foreman\line\f1\ldblquote He\rquote s talking about Gorgon,\rdblquote\par

\pard\ldblquote He\rquote s taken over the mine\rquote s operation.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Demands huge output. I don\rquote t know what he is, but he\rquote s a monster.\rdblquote\par

\pard\ldblquote Please tell me you can take this off?\rdblquote  she asked as she pointed\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 to the collar she wore.\par

\pard\ldblquote Why the fuck would you\f0  \f1 put a bomb on someone you screw?!\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It keeps us from running away. Get\f0  \f1 too far and... boom. Can you deactivate it?\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0\fs22 ___\line\line The party learns about gorgon\par
\f1\fs30\ldblquote He\rquote s\'81\'63I don\rquote t know. He\rquote s strong and bulletproof,\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He also\par
has\'81\'63a spell I guess. He looks at you and he turns you into stone.\f0  And he can fly\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0\fs22 On the way down, they pass a guard station built into the mine's wall.\line There is a sound of grinding stone beyond. There are broken statues here, commoner and guard, some busts have their collars still on.\line There is a large red lever here, and four guards inside.\line Lancer will silently kill the guard closest to the button, and the one nearest him. His weapon will glow lightly, and fire two shots nearly in unison. "pfft" his rifle sounds. The remaining guard scrambles for weapons.\line\line Among the slabs of stone are elves, and a pair of guards. The visible mining process is a guard using a large drill to break a rock slab, the slaves hauling it into a cart, up a ramp, and onto a vibrating wood walkway where magically powered rock-crusher churns violently. There were children below, they don't have to crouch when under the machine, picking up various gemstones from the remains.\line At the top of the pit is a winged creature, unlike the griffons you've seen it's wings are not feathered but leathery. There are scales down the more inflexible portions of it's body, a large serpentine tail sways behind it, and a distinctly griffon-esque face.\line When it sees the party, it will stretch languidly.\line\line Being petrified by gorgon feels like a needle stabbing through your eye sockets and into your body. As if every inch of your body being pinched, cell by cell.\line\line\b If the whole party is turned to stone, ravi will fight the creature.\b0\line\line If used on Ravi "See this!? They want this! You turn it to stone and it's fucked!" Ravi has no idea if that's true.\line\f1\fs30\par
\cf2\f2 His scream was muted by the roar beneath us as his long snake-like tail was caught in the\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 grinding teeth of the rock crusher. Not even I could hold him then, as rocks battered both of us. The working jaws and flow of stone pulled him down\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 inch by inch. Hooves slammed into the teeth, and for a moment I feared he might actually break the\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 mechanism. Then one of them caught in the pumping jaws. There was a resounding pop.\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 I heard \i that \i0 scream.\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 I stomped into his face, watching as the heavy iron jaws of the rock crusher turned\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 red with muddy pulp. Inch by inch he was fed into the machine, and it was all I could do to keep him\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 beneath me. I clawed up the stream of rock as the poor children continued their labors. Some mechanism within gave a yank\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 and his chest disappeared into the gap. The teeth slammed down with a dry explosion of ribs, his\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 mouth opening wide as bloody organs spewed over my legs. The jaws withdrew and Gorgon\rquote s\f3\fs18\par
\f2\fs30 glowing eyes stared up at me for one final moment before the jaws slammed shut.\line\line\f0\fs22 The slave's become aware of Gorgons defeat, and make their way outside.\line A group of pecos gang members arrive and clear out the harbingers. The harbingers had fixated on the mine, and were not prepared for a larger attack from behind, they are overcome quickly.\line "You're free to go, or stay and reap your efforts if you want".\line\line Lancer's betrayal theme - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/4zX_6lj7nQ8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/4zX_6lj7nQ8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Continued bgn {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/BagZxkrxaC0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/BagZxkrxaC0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\line "That is not necessary," Lancer says from behind the party as his cloak deactivates.\line He shoots ravi between the shoulder blades, A maroon and crimson burst out of his chest.\line "For your treason against the fallen Caesar..."\line The silent and continuous volley of deathly magic bullets was raised at the clump of elves.\line *Players make a DC20 con save against Lancer's rifle.*\line On a success, they take half CON damage, and 1D12+4 damage.\line On a failure, they take 2D12+4 damage, and fall unconscious, unable to breathe.\line\line "The war is never over, Bulwark"\par
\par
\line They are restored at a pecos camp with healing potions.\par
>Bulwark needs to sleep, he's lost a lot of blood\line >There were three other survivors. A girl with her mother, and  a woman.\line\line >Walter Hammersmith meets the party here, he leads the pecos.\line Studded leather armor. He has metal braces on his arms, and has his 100lb hammer around him at most times. He's very strong, but his hammer is mostly lifted by technique.\line The weapon is a crudely shaped slag of metal on a stick of very fine wood. It seems as if dug freshly from the ground, but it's jagged edges softened by the experience of several battles.\line\line\par
\cf0\f1\fs30\par
\line\f0 This introduces two items to the world. In Gorgon's room in big daddy's arena.\line\fs22 -A note/memory about gorgon's creation. The fusing of a basilisk, cockatrice, and griffon. "Chimera was a complete success. We'll name this strain of the spell "Gorgon".\line\line Gorgon's mattress is shredded. It's a nest of papers, all scratched and torn. There remains one taped to the wall.  There are portraits nailed to the walls without frames. One shows All of the marauders of ire. Captain Ires, Psalm(the aasimar reborn into lacunae's form), Doof (The dragonborn who becomes Deus) , The black dragonborn Llandor, and spitfire the pegasus.\line There are numerous medals for military service in here.\line\fs30\par
\i\f4 der kiler\par
thank yu for kiling me. i am sorrie you kiled me. i kno it was hard. i kno i am monsher now. i\par
am not monsher realy but i look liek won. i sorrie. i hope i not hurt yu. i not smart. i had\par
acci- axi- i got shot in my hed and turned into monsher. if you kiled me thank yu. if not stop reding\par
plese.\par
i wat to say i am sorrie. i am sorrie jetstrem. i kno you liek me. i liek yu too. i just want yu\par
safe and hapy. i am sorry big Lan lund...big L. i didnt men to get shot in my hed and make you\par
sad. i am sorrie i not ther to stop yu from geting shot. i kno geting shot is no fun. espe- expespecshully\par
wen you get kiled. i was turned into a monsher and so i couldnt help yu. i am sorrie\par
evrieone for geting shot and turned into a monsher.\par
so plese dont be sad for kiling me. you did gud. i am hapy now. i am with jetstrem and big L\par
and all my friends now. i dont hurt anymore. and i wont hurt anymore peepl like a monsher. i am\par
not a monsher. i just look liek won.\par
i am not a monsher but thank yu for kiling me. plese tak care of Antigra. she is awsum.\par
gudbye. stonwing.\par
\par
\par
\par
________________\par
\par
\par
\i0\f1\ldblquote I am reminded of a funny story,\rdblquote  Sekashi said brightly as she looked over her shoulder. I admit,\par
I hadn\rquote t paid very much attention to the zebra and her filly. She had a strange cutie mark: abstract\par
lines that seemed to form a smiling face. Her green eyes looked back at me with a bright curiousness\par
in them. I hadn\rquote t seen eyes like that in a long time. Without waiting for permission, the lithe yet strong\par
zebra said, \ldblquote Once upon a time, in my homeland there was a very good but very silly zebra. He wished\par
for some fine shoes and paid well for them. Walking home, however, he lost a nail.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\rquote How terrible,\rquote  he cried out. \lquote How could I have lost it? Somepony will surely step upon it!\rquote  But\par
he did not see the nail being picked up by another whose shoe barely clung to her hoof. He continued\par
home, but soon the shoe came off entirely. It sailed through the crowd and struck a fleeing thief in the\par
head. But he said, \lquote Oh no, my shoe hurt him. How terrible I am!\rquote  He limped home, and once there met\par
his wife and three children. He was very sad. He had the shoes removed and let each of his children\par
take them away. \lquote Oh wife, I am such a terrible husband. I have lost my shoes. I am a terrible zebra,\par
for I hurt others. I am a terrible father, who gives only a shoe apiece to his children.\rquote\par
\ldblquote But his wife was a very clever wife, and the next day when he went out he found the mare who\par
had needed his nail, and she thanked him. If not for his nail, she would have lost her shoe as well. He\par
thought that very strange, and as he walked he found the guards who thanked him for stopping the\par
notorious thief by throwing his shoe. He thought this very odd as well. When he returned home, he\par
found his lovely children playing with the shoes he had given them. They thanked him for the present.\par
\ldblquote\rquote My wife! What a strange day I have had. Zebras keep thanking me for helping them. But I am a\par
terrible zebra. I do not know why they do as they do!\rquote  But his wife just nodded. \lquote Often it is the good\par
we do not realize we do that matters more than the good we intend, husband.\rquote\rdblquote  The zebra mare gave a\par
long sigh with a smile over her shoulder back at me. \ldblquote But of course he did not understand, for he was\par
a very good but very silly zebra.\rdblquote\par
\f0\fs22\lang9\par
}
 