{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 The Battle of Camp Hollow.\line\par

\pard Ravi, Tumeaux, and Glory, are seated in Star-House's living room.\line Ravi will be asked to speak with dawn in private, somewhere nearby though. \line Tumeaux will ask him to play "that music" over his little spell, as he gestures to the moonstone amulet ravi had enchanted.\line "Yeah, no problem old man, I like the cello too"\line "You should keep it on"\line The pair walks away, the rain rolling off dawn's wings, ravi with his hood on.\line ""Perhaps up to that lovely chapel to see the countryside from the roof?""\line "Sure, sounds like fun"\line The discussion unfolds between Ravi and Dawn.\line\b Dawn\b0 "I admit, i have concerns about you and my daughter. You endanger many of those around you."\line "This entire valley used to be a gorgeous city, Lunaria, the capital of Queen Selena. There came an uprising, Caelum and Selena squabbling. The city was abandoned for hundreds of years."\line\b Ravi\b0 - "It'd be a great place to live I bet, if there weren't people killing each other"\line\b Dawn\b0 - "Almost like morlin, with the exception of a few automated defenses. Though there is a key to shutting them down"\line\b Ravi\b0 - And you want to... live there?\line\b Dawn- \b0 "I want to live where we have peace. Don't you want peace?"\line\b Ravi-\b0  "I'd like to not have to kill again"\line\b Dawn- \b0 "I'd like to work together for a common good"\line\b Ravi- \b0 "Your good or mine?"\line\b Dawn - \b0 "Why not both?\b  \b0 But I do have a question of your motivation. Why is it you deny\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 EC-1101 to people who would use it to spare countless others pain and suffering?\f1\rdblquote\line\b\f0\lang1033 Ravi-\b0  "All that with your daughter, a lie?\line\b Dawn-\b0  "No, a miraculous indulgence"\line\b Ravi\b0 - So, you've pulled me out here to kill me alone then?\line\b Dawn\b0 - Believe it or not, no. You make my daughter happy. Even branded, misfigured, and endangered, happier than I can. I genuinely wish to work with you.\line\b Ravi\b0 - You're the leader of the harbingers. You've been hunting me for weeks. Why would I want to work with you?\line\b Dawn-\b0  Because you want to save the world.\line\i There are a few moments of silence\i0\line\b Ravi-\b0 You sent Deus to my village, didn't you?\line\b Dawn-\b0  No, that would be the agent of our peace, Nightseer.\line Without the command spell, she is only able to utilize one ten thousandth of her normal capabilities over the city.\line\b Ravi-\b0  I need to meet her.\line\b Dawn-\b0  And you will, when you give-\line\b Ravi- No\b0\line You don't get it. She killed all of my family, turned everyone I knew into cannibals, and your harbingers made the same mistake Deus and Nightseer did. You shot first. You should have tried this conversation before sending killers after me.\line Steel rain-\line\b Dawn-\b0  Would you like your vengeance? That can be arranged.\line\i Glory becomes visibly distraught at the offering her mother has made\i0\line She gestures to an unarmed lighthooves on a hill nearby.\line\b Ravi- \b0 What happened to believing in not killing? He doesn't have a choice!\line\b Dawn - \b0  If his life is the price of saving us all, I will accept it.\line\b Ravi- \b0 Not on his behalf you won't.\line\line\b Oh this is too rich!\b0\line I can't believe you would pass this one up.\line\b Ravi- \b0 So this is where the ambush happens?\line\b Dawn-\b0  No, you're fantastically hard to kill, and your allies lethal.\line We have something else entirely in mind.\b\line\b0 There is a large revving. sounds of mechanical flickers.\line\b Dawn-\b0  No, the other target.\line A bright light shines through the walls of star-house. Into the party\line\b Ravi- \b0  You monster, the city?!\line I've got not choice, you win.\line\b Dawn-\b0  You understand why we're going to kill you. We have no choice. Nightseer will restore the world to what it once was.\line\b Ravi-\b0  You had a choice. You keep making the wrong one.\line\i You hear the hiss of rain.\line\i0 I guess this is it.\line\line When the cannon fires. Psalm and Tumeaux have protected ravi with a barrier reflecting what was assuredly a disintegration spell off into space.\line\line Glory then attacks her mother.\line This fight can be seen overhead periodically. If glory begins to lose, slaughter will join in.\line Dawn Commands Deus to fire at the griffon.\line He does not. actively, aiming away.\line\f1\lang9\line\f0\lang1033 A chill passes over the room. The sense of hopefull good guttered.\line\line\b Ravi\b0  - "You're with the harbingers"\line\b Dawn- \b0 "I AM the harbingers, their prophet of a better tomorrow. To save it from Project Horizons." (she has been lied to by nightseer about these plans, and her memory wiped of them)\line "It's a weapon, made by elgenheimer years ago. a weaponized megaspell. You've seen what his silver bullets can do. It would be, catastrophic."\lang9\line\line The battle begins without dramatic complication. Until Dawnstar is revealed atop the chapel with the party and Morningstar.\line Dawnstar will cause a profound explosion of force and wind, knocking the party to various places.\line Each party member will find themselves surrounded, and alone, as elves ambush from the forest.Some of them metallically augmented, with pale white skin, and unflinching gazes.\line (these can be detected as chaos magic)\line One or more of their forged allies will come to assist them. These allies are impactually not of the main cast. This is to show the players the ARE affecting the world.\line\line Each ally reveal should play their theme when appearing.\par
\b As the battle starts.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - The last ruinion, a battle between mother and daughter.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/gvGE7Lm4RQc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/gvGE7Lm4RQc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 More somber beginning. Epic battle\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/pD0J4GfQeGY }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/pD0J4GfQeGY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Slower pace\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - sombra theme. Triumphant.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/lRSobDfVj9g }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/lRSobDfVj9g\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Antigra's theme as glory.\b\par
\fs28 Allies\fs22\par
\b0 The citizens of camp hollow are able to repel all but the greatest officers. They are accompanied by  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  - Bravery\line OR\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/KlPQE_lelG4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/KlPQE_lelG4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  To build an army\lang9\line\line Easy Ed, Charity - These two have no theme, but are almost immediately accompanied by Octave and Nota.\line Charity has a mithral shotgun. She keeps count of gold spent out-loud when firing it.\line\line Charity is wounded by a retriever from the ground.\line\line\b Octave and Nota \b0 - Evening Star, Octavia, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Psalm, \b0 arrives to help sidney.\line "Forgive me selena for I have taken the life of another."\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/2uVIshiIl6c }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/2uVIshiIl6c\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Princess tempora main theme, if kind and soft.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/h8wIorYznbU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/h8wIorYznbU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - The great archmage, if joining as a monster of terror and magic.\par
\line\b Captain Celeano \b0 - The seahorse is being prepared. The Captain is here in person.\line Her jade leg is a strong weapon, and she is incredibly agile.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/M4eohhDcIPs }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/M4eohhDcIPs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Friendship is epic\line\line Gorgon, Big Daddy, Brutus, Ronaug ,and the reapers. - Bravery, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\b Slugs, and Diamond\b0\line Sir Davon Dragonson\line Relly Stitches and Fiddles\line\b Kiirion Enkas and Elred Ianren\b0 , of templar high security and administration. He brings what remains of the templar army with him.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Bravery\par
A duel with Dawn - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/vGjwXI0n5-I }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/vGjwXI0n5-I\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
As the battle closes\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/3Jf20-Cnjn0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/3Jf20-Cnjn0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , A Dying World\line\fs28\par
\b Enemies-\b0\line\fs22 Nightseer - noncombat\line Lighthooves - noncombat\line\strike Rain of Steel - Can be slain here as the boss if he has become allied with Nightseer.\line\strike0 Dawnstar\line Deus, as a tank.\par
\par
\par
\b Overlap\b0\line Taran discovers they are immune to ennervation. (stops a weapon from being used).\line Saves someone with lightningbolt.\line Sidney gets one to turn around, steals a dagger from them, and stabs them. "They die, with their own dagger in their chest"\par
}
 