{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\line\b They arrive near the rocket\b0\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Lunar republic national anthem\line Follow with celtic battle\line Bravery, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line "NIGHTSEER!"\line "I'm calling you out! Get down here and give my body back!"\par
\b a trio of brood of amadi are approaching. \b0\line\line Amadi and platform encounter.\line The scaffold is 10 stories tall, the rocket smooth, potentially enchanted adamantite. Ravi's voice echoes up it and back to your ears.\line There is a collection of instruments, and a water-muck filled concrete trench around the circular platform.\line On one side, a pair of large drums with icy pipes leading to the rocket.\par
The Legate is delayed reaching the space center. 3 rockets of 4 will be available.\line No magic can be cast once the FADE's are up. Nothing can pass through them.\line\line Ravi runs to the instruments. "intercom 6" he smashes.\line NIGHTSEER!\line N"who is this?"\line R"You know who! you took my body, my chance at a child, My burdens! I want them back!"\line N"and how is it to want? I wanted a body and my kingdom back for two hundred years."\line N"I will sire children, and raise them better than you would"\line\i Crunch\line N\i0 "did you just bite the intercom?"\line R"I'm going to stop New Dawn! Face me!"\line N"Face you? I have a world to save. However, i have an offer, if I return and the legate is dead, I'll allow you a quiet life elsewhere in the world."\line R-"The legate has fooled you! There's a star spirit bound in the rock! In Tom! He's going to feed it to the eater and resurrect it! You're playing into his hands!"\line\line "you're derranged. I will restore Morlin, and proceed into a glorious future!"\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/aKKLzUYXjn0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/aKKLzUYXjn0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - solar reign\line\line Klaxon sirens sound. The scaffold begins to pull away from the rocket with the grind of protesting machinery.\line "Clear pad six, immediately."\line Slaughter! We know who you are! Stop her! She's never going to help you!\line Echo!\line\line\b The rocket's launch causes the ground to bounce 2-3ft underneath. \b0 The flames are tiny pale things, with barely visible columns of exhaust. But the sound. was deafening.\line Clouds of steam, and sizzling stone peck at the FADE shields.\line Ravi pounds at the barrier.\line "no..."\line\line\b "oh yes."\line The legate says\line "time to die"\b0\line\line A sending message from Elred reaches the party.\line "Glory and the elves are fueling another rocket. Keep them safe for 10 minutes."\line\line The legate is flanked by an army of harbingers and brood. 3/4 of the brood are normal elves with blue face paint, with dozens of the tree-spawn brood. He stands tall, wearing a dragon skull over his face, and light leather armor that his posture and stature make look intimidating.\line His armor, pierced with numerous inch-thick starmetal rings.\line The harbingers betray the legate, his chest explodes. A gargantuan fight breaks out.\line Magical bullets spark off the legate's skull helmet.\line The brood army is struck from above by a Raptor's smaller secondary weapons "Galeforce".\par
\par
\par
\b Ravi begins the fight with the legate\line He rolls performance to delay the legate.\b0\line "You've been playing roles for centuries now. Used elves and humans hate to play."\line L"You think you know me? you KNOW NOTHING"\line R"I know it was you in many attacks. starmetal to boost talismans, these little silver rings all over in the ruins, like the ones you wear. The pink mists... I remember seeing one of those rings in leighton. You even manipulated the dragonborn... I bet you were somehow even behind the titans disturbance."\line\line L: "It went marvelously didnt it?" The legate monologues for a time. 2494\line R: "You almost had it at one point, didn't you? Selena probably about to turn on the Sibl, what was next? Raise it up, get the moonstone to it?"\line L: "How.. No." his pupils constrict in the sockets of the dragonskull.\line R: the megaspells killing everything probably ruined a bit, huh?\line L: Yeah, that's when everything fell apart, the big ole society fell down because you brough them all to war.\line R: Stars didn't like that one, did they?\line L: that's impossible. No..."\line R: All that hard work, wrecked. but you're persistent, use the remains, use the thronelands, use nightseer. Then I stepped out with that stupid necklace, everything got moving again, New dawn got ready to fire. You had your opportunity.\line L: That's impossible, you can't be! you're a fake! You're nothing! You're dead!\line\line R; dead? I've died like 3 times, hasn't stuck yet.\line We stood at the mouth of the eater.\line We broke down the skies and cast down the towers.\line We've killed goddesses and purged abominations from the land!\line\line SAY OUR NAME AMADI. SAY OUR NAME!\line\line "You're not the Maiden! She's gone to the moon."\line "Not yet, i haven't."\line "Now! As Maiden of the stars! I call on the skies to strike you down and smite you!"\line Right now!\line "idiot..."\line "kill them"\line\line Time nearly stops as the legate instinctively turns around.\line Which airship took the shot, you'll never know.\line But a 10ft ray of crimson, you swear had the letters "LEGATE" glowing in it, strikes.\line\line He is screaming, inarticulate, blackened. An accretion of dust swirls around him and his body reforms.\line His leather armor above the waist ruined. His dragon skull gone.\line His face covered with the orbital red satellite pattern of the starkatteri.\line "it's true..." "Starkatteri" the normal elves amongst the brood whisper.\line TRUE? They are our enemy! they will destroy all we have worked for! Kill them!\line\line "Why aren't you fighting me yourself? like when you looked for me in the forest?"\line "you're afraid of the real thing... your prophecy... you're afraid we can stop you!"\par
The remnant raise their weapons, on amadi.\line\line\b From the pile, Lancer- "it's over father.". Sekashi appears. "Give up Amadi. He has your name, it is foolish to resist the prophecy"\b0\line\line L: "it would be wonderful, wouldn't it? No more plotting... peace"\line R: it can still be that way. ;;; ravi approaches him.\line The legate looks at the party. Thousands of years of hatred, blood, and more, thundering behind his eyes in an unending storm.\line\line He twists his body so hard as he strikes ravi, that you hear sinews and muscles ripping, joints popping, bones snapping.\line\line "I still have the brood! and the true maiden of the stars is carried in that fool traveling to the moon! You're not even the lightbringer! you're the fool!"\par
Sekashi "heals" ravi with a joint twist, and silver sand.\par
"Brood! Kill it all! destroy the rockets!"\line\line Elven snipers, assist the party.\line\line "Up! up! up! Don't let them destroy this one!" as they climb a scaffold\line "down down down!" as amadi begins to attack the rocket.\line\line The party needs to avoid flaming debris on the way to the next rocket.\line Heat and haze blocks vision.\par

\pard Boo is nearby as the party makes way for a rocket.\line She falls off the seahorse, and\line "Hi boo. how are you doing?"\line "I found a reaper man with a thingy and he said he's tell everyone to get the fuck away"\line "reapers are really rude"\line\line Amadi or brood will manage to destroy all the known functional rockets, if the party are unable to deter him. \b Failing this, will cause glory's death scene to begin.\par
\par
"\b0 Tell glory to get out, it's over"\line "No it's not, get to pad one" Glory's reply is sluggish.\line\line Ravi speaks into his locket, "Good, glory get over here!"\line "No, I need to wait until launch starts. I can't lock the controls so they can't tamper with the route until then."\line\line The intercom will sound out.\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Cerynitis and Propoli are getting it ready to fly, anyone who can help, get there. They\f1\rquote\f0 ve already fixed the problem that stopped it last time; Everyone else just has to keep the Legate from attacking it long enough for them to get the oxygen tanks filled. "\line Her speech was filled with coughs, and strain.\line\line\f1\line\b\f0\lang1033 The final showdown with the legate.\line\line\line If the legate is incapacitated.\line\line\b0\line The legate tries to scare ravi, threatening glory's survival with everything he can.\line He taunts ravi, Taran, and Sidney, to keep them where they are.\par
\par
Ravi is unable to ignore the legate's taunting. They need to reach the last launch pad.\par
\par
Ravi approaches him in combat, trying to make him irrational.\line "Discord"\line "See that rocket? the frosty one? turns out it still works."\line "Hey, Amadi. When I put my mind and soul back in my old body, I guess I really will be the Maiden of the Stars. Least for a little while while I chill with Selena's soul. Funny, huh? That your prophecy actually might come true?"\line\line The legate screams, not like a man, or a beast, but like a harrowed undead's howl. \line "you're dead! all of you! everything! dead dead dead!"\line\line\b The legate fires the missile\par
\par
"We have to go! Right now!"\line\line\b0 Ravi tells the elves to leave, the bomb is gonna land. They say they need to manually detach the rocket. It's old enough that it doesn't have automation.\line\b\line\b0 Ravi argues with Boo about her staying to use her luck to save the elves .\line "She's the only one lucky enough to pull it off"\line "come back quick daddy, come back safe."\line\line Ravi tells tumeaux to get into the rocket, and start figuring it out inside so they know what to do on the way. talismans, air, controls.\par
\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b The legate dives over some hoses near unused canisters to attack Ravi as he makes way for the rocket.\b0\line\line An elf yells into the intercom near the rocket.\line It's heard everywhere.\line "Miss glory, is everything green?"\line Over gunshots, and the fizz of magic and fire. "Yes. Pad one is green." you need to hurry.\par
Glory adds.\line "There's a missile coming! Please hurry!"\line\line\b there is another short exchange with the legate, as he prepares to throw the LOX tank at the party.\b0\line\line Ravi opens his locket as the party ascends the scaffold. Everyone hears his words. "Glory, soon as you can, start the launch and get back here!"\line "got it."\line "are you ok?"\line "I'm fine. Hurry, you don't have long." There are more sounds of shooting over the intercom. and audible crackles from the building thousands of feet away.\line\line\b Within the cockpit\b0  are a half dozen chairs, they recline backwards, in strong cushions. numerous lights above in the ceiling. the room a scant 7ft across, and 6ft high.\line\line "good. come straight away."\line "...I'll try"\line This shocks ravi.  Begin playing tomorrow. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line "Hang tight! I'll be right there!"\line Ravi will begin to turn around, or leave the rocket.\line At this point, magical shields flare up outside, the elves salute the party.\line If inside, the hatches will close. and a shield will spring around the cockpit.\par
"What's going on!? Glory!"\line\line Perception:\line There are flashes of light inside the control building.\line\line "tumeaux! Taran! open this thing!"\line "Get out glory! We'll leave! find another way!"\line "Open it right now! I have to get to her!"\line "Do it!"\line "I'd do it for you! I'd do it for tumeaux!"\line Tumeaux, like a stern but grieving father "I know you would, and we would do this for you like we are her."\line Glory speaks calmly over a quiet intercom in the cockpit.\line "Everyone... this missile will impact in a minute. I see it here. I've checked the flight path. You're going to arrive a little behind nightseer."\line\line "Please... glory... please.."\line Ravi pulls out a small moonstone talisman. It flickers, anemically trying to teleport.\line He reaches his magic as far as he can beyond the rocket, hundreds of feet short of the control tower, a small wan barrier flickers into life.\par
\i klaxons begin to sound out. \i0\par
Glory appears on a terminal overhead in the cockpit. The gray pegasus weary, bloody.\line Ins- her wings are broken, she has small strong burns from magic. She turns briefly, and disintegrates an injured brood with her beam pistol.\line\line\i ravi reaches into his bag, and points a revolver at the glass hatch\i0\line\line Tumeaux stops him. "you'll kill all of us!"\line\line "No!" ravi cries. his hands beating against the reinforced glass.\par
\i core engine thrust stable... ignition in ten.. nine..\par
\i0 An ethreal voice sounds in your heads. Not one of screaming, or pain. But one of cool, confidence, calm.\line "What's one life to that of the whole world?"\line "Everything!" Ravi sobs.\par
"Ravi, it's that... I'm sorry." Tumeaux returns to his seat.\par
\i Glory slumps onto her desk, in the terminal. blood in the corner of her mouth, her wing shot through.\line You can see out the window of the cockpit the shields and smoke vanishing below. the space center leaving sight.\line Glory stands onscreen, looking out the window. She faintly smiles.\line\line\i0 Percption, DC 1000. uncrittable.\line Over the sounds of ravi screaming, you cannot hear whatever the robot voice said this time.\line\line Ravi does not return to his seat. He stands, tears pulled down his face by hard acceleration. Shields reinforcing his stature from within, small magical infusions in his bones. He glows a flickering gold.\line\line Glory touches the screen above, and in an effort taken as insignificant by Ravi, he reaches to touch the screen as well. You see his eyes hoping that somehow the glass would flicker away and her fall through to rejoin.\line "Ravi..." She murmurs... smiling as she weeps. "Tomorrow".\line\line Outside, the world grew bright. A sunrise from below.\line\line As if profoundly forced by some magical telepathy, you share the journey.\line Meeting glory in Heywood.\line Glory saving injured from Brimstone\line Becoming friends with Glory in Camp hollow.\line Glory crying in the rain after she was exiled.\line Seeing Glory's again after the poison illusion wore off.\line Fighting in Camp Hollow against Dawn beside Glory.\line Being held by Glory.\line Glory giving a speech in Thunderhead.\line Glory walking away.\line Glory upset in camp hollow.\line Glory giving Ravi a sad smile.\line\line Ravi throws back his head, his magic wanes, he lays prone on the floow.\line He crys out her name for the whole universe to hear.\line Lost in the roar as her sacrifice carried everyone to the heavens\line\par
}
 