{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 prologue,\par
\par
disembark boat, \par
ravi and grupt are present onboard, ravi is upset. There is a gryphon below deck, and one above.\par
slaughter is on deck, a child sees him and laughs at the "birdlion". Slaughter shows jow and plays with the child.\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 White gryphon with gray stripes, red eyes.\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Heavy steel armor barding, covered in spikes, and claws as large as horseheads\f2\lang1033 , flourished with barbed wire\f1\lang9\par
\f2\lang1033 has vividly pink eyes\cf0\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f3 a briefing takes place at the docks, everyone is chained together. The gryphon from below deck breaks free in a panic, and makes a scene, championing Griffonstone and it\rquote s king. If he escapes, guards are alert.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\par
"I've gotta go kid!, nice to see happy lands again!", slaughter will say\par
guards chase after him, but he can fly the ballista cannot ready fast enough to down him, and arrows don't seem to bother him.\par
\par
The attack begins once part A is in the store, and party b is joining prisoners to be discharged at the templar college.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f3 r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/NwucmW5pJNU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/NwucmW5pJNU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/SSGsPAU_p7E }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/SSGsPAU_p7E\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22  , carbon maestro, eclipse, if things get very dramatic\par
follow with r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/J2g3lvNkAfI }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/J2g3lvNkAfI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\par
magic burning cannonballs, cannonballs carrying deafen spells, and boat cannonfire.\par
the party first encounters the enemy on the span bridge, they are approached by dragonborn runners from the north.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\f3 Players escape while chained, \par
Grupt breaks the chains with the help of ravi\rquote s shields.\par
Another force breaks some of the chains.\par
\par
After many rounds of combat, the party should escape eastward, and templar reinforcements should arrive in north leighton by the hundred.\par
\par
theme for entering the open world; \par
r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/O2EMjz9DFEE }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/O2EMjz9DFEE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
\par
\par
After meeting with tumaex at templar college, ravi and grupt quickly run away eastward after being absolved of their crimes. They however remain friendly to the party.\par
\par
many templar are returning to investigate the leighton harbor.\par
things can be found on the boats\par
Tiwaz - victory, fire magic, 6 shaped, or arrow shaped.\line Brimrunar - blue "wave-runes"a spell for the protection of ships, on the rudder),\par
\par
\par
closing theme, octavia, \par
r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f3 Main Quests\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f3 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf3\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\i Players are low security prisoners on a boat first entering swift river at very early morning, then waiting to dock until light. The Boat makes regular trips from wreathwood harbor, to Knockwood port where it then sails inland up swift river into lake mead. Prisoners are then moved to templar west under the South leighton guard.\par
{\pntext\f3 2.\tab}At least one sleeping character has a dream of the thronelands being attacked by something both perfect, and horrifying. This is how the story begins.\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
Chronology-\par
\par
On boat deck, perception\par
 5, see the dragonborn boats communication fires in the east, but nobody on deck knows their schedule or make.\par
3, Knowledge of the forests, upstream wind, weather, and immediate geography. \par
2, Boat details. The boat is two mast, \par
red and white framed banners with the blue symbol of bahamut, templar in red/gray/white armor, one with a tome and greatsword, another sword+board, and the last a longsword.\par
\par
Below deck,\par
There is a man (ravi alabaster) crying while slumped against a wall. You can hear the motion of heavy chains below. Grupt the lost dwarf is also here.\par
\i\par
When approaching lake mead, the boat sails through a drawbridge, the river is nearly a half mile wide, except for this 300ft section where the middle portion of the bridge raises into two 25ft lifts.\i0\par
\par
At Lake Mead, perception\par
2 describes south leighton and sees north leighton and west forest opening.\par
3, describes north leighton\par
4, sees wolfwatch tower.\par
\par
Listening and observing the town-\par
Trade is good with waterhold now.\par
Cindress is crazy\par
New guard garrison from castle heywood is frowned upon\par
The eastern thronelands are having troubles with giants, and rumors of a necromancer\par
\par
Disembarking- r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/ugLwYV1GSvo }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/ugLwYV1GSvo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
\par
After disembarking, a briefing takes place at the docks, everyone is chained together. The gryphon from below deck breaks free in a panic, and makes a scene, championing Griffonstone and it\rquote s king. If he escapes, guards are alert.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
For the attack, defense of the citadel\par
r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/NwucmW5pJNU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/NwucmW5pJNU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/SSGsPAU_p7E }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/SSGsPAU_p7E\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22  , carbon maestro, eclipse, if things get very dramatic\par
follow with r!play {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/J2g3lvNkAfI }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/J2g3lvNkAfI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f3\fs22\par
\par
The group is instructed to make it\rquote s way to the nearby templar tower for their trial, in north leighton. If the griffon is in the group, he makes his next attempt here, after a child remarks about the birdlion. He is slain in front of the child. As the players are crossing a bridge into north leighton, the dragonborn attack begins.\par
\par
Initial confrontation is by dragonborn runners encountering the templar prison escort on the bridge, their purple swirl tabard is apparent, there is also a full naval siege taking place.\par
One of several things happens.\par
\par
Players escape while chained, \par
Grupt breaks the chains with the help of ravi\rquote s shields.\par
Another force breaks some of the chains.\par
\par
Players may attempt to help halt the dragonborn invasion. Doing so will have them absolved of their crimes by Tumaeux Legacy in person after he arrives where they are held. This battle should substantially injure but not kill anyone. The presence of heywood elite guardsmen influences the battle.\par
Wounded combatants are tended to by either templar healers, or templar defectors\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Sub Quests\b0\par
\par
\b Quest Arc- Faintly Arcane\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1 1.\par
The templar of morlin show signs of defecting to the magic created by their new towers, leveraging their trust by the people to further power and gain. This creates turmoil in their ranks.\line Players must resolve the dispute between the arcane templar, and the holy templar sects.\par
Allying with one side will cause a new quest to begin.\par
\par
2. Arcane Ally - Arcane cleansing. The corruption of the arcane order is brought to public light, and through law and encounters, players split the corrupt arcane from the pure, with the secret help of castle Heywood spies. Culimnating in fighting a mad wizard and necromancer boss in the ruins of the old morlin dungeon.\par
\par
3. Holy Ally - Arcane Purge. The arcane order is forcefully disbanded, and templar towers are being destroyed, creating elemental rifts that must be sealed. The first rift is opened near morlin, followed by an elemental lord opening one in old morlin's ruins. This creates a situation in which war must be diffused from Castle Heywood, brokered by the high elves of morlin.\par
Regional templar tower events begin to happen as a result of this.\par
\par
\i Notes:\i0  \par
When entering or nearing old Morlin for the first time, the Players meet Ravi again, who discusses the possibility of an Arcane disturbance deep in the ruins.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\par
}
 