{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 play 15\par
\par
the prophets double memory orb. (pregame)\par
\par

\pard Describe what players have seen in the city, and what they are doing.\line Observing the enemy. (talking about the space center. Some pegasi involvement with NS)\line The mind magic and illusions\line The plan to kill Nightseer.\line\i\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Aeons\par
\i0\f1\ldblquote\f0 Be glad it is paint,\f1\rdblquote\f0  A pegasus retorted, a general stormchaser snorted nearby.\f1\ldblquote\f0 And, after their last captain, I think a maniac surfacer was a nice relief. Too bad he didn\lang1033 '\lang9 t stick around. I think that when Slaughter realized there weren\lang1033 '\lang9 t any sky pirates to do battle with, and the crew weren\lang1033 '\lang9 t going to crash the ship into the S.P.P. hub to check its invulnerability, he moved on to other things. Like finding some sign of the Lightbringer and his friends.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 They're gone. We saw that megaspell\f1\'81\'63\f0 I never imagined that kind of power before.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She\par
shivered and then frowned. \f1\ldblquote\f0 I knew what he had. I\lang1033 '\lang9 d even seen videos of the damned things. But to imagine it could suck up everything in a three mile radius, including Shadowbolt Tower? How could they survive that?\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Mmmm\f1\'81\'63\f0 it\f1\rquote\f0 s doubtful" She smiled. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Anyway, with the \i Rampage \i0 patrolling the borders..."\par
Did you know he stuffed a mattress with Crosswind\f1\rquote\f0 s feathers before kicking him out over some pond? It was the first time I heard a crew cheer in weeks.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 The one ship utterly untouched in the battle, and it\f1\rquote\f0 s devoted to that striped maniac... \f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 A pegasus sat in a very clean laboratory.\f1\lang9\par
\ldblquote\f0 Observing a section of space about five months ago. It was the wavelength that stood out. Most stars don\f1\rquote\f0 t produce magic in this band. Blue. Yellow. Red. Even purple and pink. But there aren\f1\rquote\f0 t very many stars that produce a green wavelength of magic.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She tapped the paper. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Four hundred and thirteen point six six two nanosparkles. Way off for most stars.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Enervation from space?\f1\rdblquote\f0  Glory said in bafflement.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Way off in space.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She returned her eyes to the chart. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Adjusting for the light/magic speed\par
differential constant, the source was in the ballpark of eight hundred million light-years away.\f1\rdblquote\line\f0\lang1033 A separate pegasus injected their own muse.\f1\lang9\par
\ldblquote\f0 Pity we weren\lang1033 '\lang9 t around eighty million years ago. It must have been a heck of a light show. From the magical radiation hitting us now, it must have been something pretty spectacular.\f1\rdblquote\par
\f0 Glory waved her hoof impatiently. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Could something \i else \i0 have arrived eighty million years ago\par
too?\f1\rdblquote\line\ldblquote\f0 They\f1\rquote\f0 ve been here,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Sky Striker rasped, cutting her off.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 I beg pardon?\f1\rdblquote\f0  One of the researchers blinked in bafflement.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Extraterrestrial technology has been recovered on Aethus, ancient, immense, unusable except for certain lucrative weapons applications.\f1\rdblquote\f0  the bandaged pegasus said.\f1\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/ZyMsQ6d6XA8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/ZyMsQ6d6XA8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  temptation\f1\lang9\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 Hissing rain, and rumbles of thunder would make most consider stealth unimportant. Much like a hunter the person you are watching moved about, a large collection of Brood of Amadi elves standing watch, armored, pale, unwavering.\line An elven mistcloak would make many feel completely safe as they observed yellow and orange barrels with fire symbols on them rolled into wagons.\line Still, Lancer showed remarkable restraint when the tip of a spear touched the hollow beneath his ear.\f1\lang9\par
\f0 How did you hear me?\f1\rdblquote\f0  A low, aggressive and youthful male voice asked.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 The Atoli can track a shark ten feet under a breaking sea,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she said smugly. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Also, your device makes a faint whine when wet.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 I was afraid you might hear it. Still, it has great uses in navigation,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he replied.\par
She huffed. \f1\ldblquote\f0 You are exiled, Lancer,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she said, narrowing her aquamarine eyes. \f1\ldblquote\f0 What are you\par
doing here?\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Perhaps I wished to see you again?\f1\rdblquote\f0  he countered.\par
Immediately she glowered at him. \f1\ldblquote\f0 That relationship ended with your exile. I \i should \i0 kill you.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 You keep saying that,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he countered. \f1\ldblquote\f0 You know something is amiss, Xanthe.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Everything is amiss. We're all cursed, remember? We are cursed for being here and you are\par
doubly cursed,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she said sourly.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 That reminds me of a very funny story,\f1\rdblquote\f0  a woman said as she stepped out of the rain with a length of bamboo across her shoulders.\line A few flashes of lightning, and a crackle of thunder, and the fight was over. A thwack of bamboo, a puff of darts, and a kick from lancer.\line Lancer stood nearby the elf. A collection of darts in her back, as a young elf emerged nearby.\line Lancer spoke -\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Two things. First, I want to know what my father is up to. Why are you here? Why are you\par
making our people work as slaves?\f1\rdblquote\line\f0\lang1033 -\line "We're rebuilding something. Something they want so we can again touch the stars. Now begone traitor."\line A portal emerged nearby.\line Tumeaux, Lancer, Sekashi, and the orphan Thorn, hefted their prisoner through.\par
\par
\par
\b The campaign begins\b0\par
\i\lang9 The mighty monoliths showed their own wounds, great gaping holes from which spewed their\par
metallic innards. Entrails of conduit and twisted plumbing dangled through holes punched through the ebony walls and spilled out across the roads in tangled intestinal masses.\line Bodies filled the roads, undecaying ornaments to the carnage of the city.\line Between the two tallest towers, a raptor lay wedged between them. It's remains a dozen feet halted from the ground below.\par
That was over a while ago.\line Now, sneaking amongst buildings that were like many broken little bones, you saw the cloud of mechasprites that kept you inside. They were eating away at the bodies. They moved the organic mass like little chauffers to somewhere else in the city. The stench of copper and organic travesty permeated the city. Wires of metals now visceral garlands between the structures. Popping arcing and crackling with energy when charge built up within.\line The mad vandals redistribution of parts of the city followed no point or purpose with their scheme of reorganization.\par
This had once been a city of people. It was easy to forget that. Easy to be crushed by the weight of soaring black and green towers.\line Occasionally, a gnawing mass of metal, like a hollow snake of red glowing light, it's form composed of levitating spinning rings of silvered metal makes its way through the corridors of the roadways.\line First the sound. then the light. Then the abomination.\par
\i0\par
\f1\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 One of the party members removes the perceptitron.\line Ravi has exhausted all but a few of the party's gems.\line They have a headache, and the perceptitron is warm.\line Ravi: "So... we have enough to try and kill her, to end this?"\par
\par
The party's goal is to get to and kill nightseer.\line They know she is somewhere below in the city.\line The enormous crater seems to have damaged part of her lair, and it's in the middle of the city.\f1\lang9\par
\i\f0\line\line\i0\par
\b The party encounters slaughter, who has betrayed them to nightseer.\line\b0 Slaughter appears before them as the explore the city. He bursts through a wall in surprise.\line\line Then the door exploded inwards as \lang1033 a heavy blur of feathers \lang9 blasted through it. With\lang1033  \lang9 a resounding clang that could likely be heard for blocks\lang1033 , it \lang9 impacted with\lang1033  ravi\lang9 , and promptly fell\lang1033  \lang9 prone\lang1033 . \f1\lang9\ldblquote\f0 Hey, \lang1033 Ravi\lang9 ,\f1\rdblquote\f0  \lang1033 Slaughter\lang9  muttered in a daze,\lang1033  \lang9 grinning up at \lang1033 you\lang9 . \f1\ldblquote\f0 I knew you were alive! Boo told me so!\f1\rdblquote\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 Slaughter has an uncanny knowledge of the area, and threats. Boo has incredible luck.\line He tries to warn the party about the silver traps, and what they are. He got stuck in one for a week. He also vanishes periodically to consult with lighthooves.\lang9\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Echo Explains why he hates himself - \b0 the party can roll a charisma to have any discussion during downtime.\line For being the communicator in martholm for the marauders. He was the first to hear, and last to be able to help, even when his friends were dying.\par
\b Moving about, spying on the enemy, and friends\b0\line The party can move about the ruins of morlin. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/MwToTZc9qOk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/MwToTZc9qOk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Darkambience\line There are numerous ruined buildings amongst the starmetal that contain numerous valuables from morlin. \line A creature follows the party, it sets out loops every few minutes where they are, trying to trap one in the starmetal. If it sets 4 loops out, it will attack in the new few minutes by whipping all 4 loops at the players.\line\b A cloud of starmetal sprites flies over the city. \b0 They are eating parts of buildings, metals, and spitting them out, slowly reshaping the city.\line\b Three Hellion worms patrol the city.\b0  Their sound is audible from 500ft as a quiet grinding of metal. their light from 100ft. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/74230-frost-worm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/74230-frost-worm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\b Templar high\b0 , has a corrupt golem in its' basement. It screams constantly with enervation.\line Within, is the templar library, only partially damaged. \line\b The Cartographer's guild\b0  has maps of various places within Fenwick, including shortcuts, and surface features. Some caves are documented.\line Within are 3 Grick, that attack the party.\line\b The Roads\b0  Are filled with bodies that lay preserved, undecaying. Occasionally a sprite takes a bite of the organic matter, and ferries it elsewhere.\line\b Interiors \b0 Hellions are not stupid creatures, and will try to set traps for the party. Small hoops of silver starmetal over a thousand feet long will tighten on someone who steps in. Over a minute passes, and the hellion it is attached two will try to pull the player in and consume it.\line\b Alchemy District\b0  A fierce blue fire rages here. It's smoke is highly toxic. \line 2 Potions of vitality, a ruined supreme healing potion (and it's recipe book), and a healing talisman, can be found within.\line There is a Soul Monger here, he's been driven mad by the enervation, and is near dying, but has consumed a tremendous amount of souls from the original morlin rising event.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/soul-monger }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/soul-monger\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line "This was going to please the shadowfell! It's gone so wrong... so wrong... so power."\line He wears a dark cloak of leather, carries a stained silver dagger, and clutches at his chest constantly. The man will scream as he begins a fight, attracting a swarm of sprites, or a Hellion.\par
\b Spells that carry data\b0  in morlin threaten to overwhelm the caster with feedback.\line Any spell involving knowledge from the caster's mind, or a mental connection, will coerce them into seeing the future of morlin shown to Nightseer and Dawn.\line\cf2\f2\fs18 DC 10 - The character succumbs mentally to the illusion. They may serve the Eater of Souls, or sit idle.\line DC 15 - The character is aware of the illusion, but can only see and hear the illusion. They can still use abilities and actions normally.\line DC 20 - The character resists the illusion for this action.\par
\b\f3\lang1033 Forbiddance\b0  Magical movement is impossible under the haze cloud of morlin.\par
\b 1. \b0 The party encounters a hellion worm.\b\line\b0 Echo tells the party the worms are an ancient defense mechanism lain in place by templar long ago. Their activation was suppressed by the poison in the city before. He is aware nightseer can exercise control over them.\par
\b 2. \b0 Slaughter makes a joke about the perceptitron. "How many folks have you watched gettin it on?"\line "What are you, 10?"\line R: So what happened to the Slaughter? Sky pirates?\line S: I'm not a leader, nobody in me is either, no politicians or captains. The only one that tries to do things on their own is the one that wants to find kids and families and give them "peace" - he says with a grimace.\line\cf0 The only other thing I want besides that is to die before all of you, or before I just give up and let her do what she wants, or I end up buried alive or something. I'd really prefer avoiding eternal agony.\par
\cf2\f0\fs22 S: "It's ok though, im pursuing other options. Like a way to shut down the talisman. No loss either, all those souls get to go free."\par
Slaughter is highly defensive of his alternative options, since they were promised by nightseer. He uses the scapegoat of "If I tell you you'll try to save me. You won't cross that line, I accept that now. ".\line\line\b 3.\b0  As the party moves about, they must climb, destroy, and crawl frequently. While avoiding hellions. Slaughter can break things for them, but it is very loud. It will always attract a hellion, but the hellion to the area within a minute.\par
\b 4.\b0  The party encounters a hellion trap. It's either a worm or a gibbering mound.\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Gibbering%20Mouther#content }}{\fldrslt{https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Gibbering%20Mouther#content\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line  Slaughter should comment about how he got stuck in one for a month. Constant chewing. (nightseer let him out)\line He yells at everyone to stay away from the wire, even after it trips.\line The silver wire is hidden under a pile of wet clothes. it tightens more and pulls harder over time as the hellion approaches.\line Slaughter may try to pull the wire off, but it will cut right through his limbs.\line "We gotta get it off before it gets here!"\line\line The creature begins to enter the area if deep indoors. A mound of beet red protrusions, eyes from various species, roaches to humans. A maroon and bloody organ begins to work up the silvered starmetal line towards the trapped person.\line\line The creature can be stunned with music, and evaporated by moonstone.\par
\b 5. Slaughter dares ravi to eat moonstone \b0\line "You really are a kid"\line "What's it taste like?" Slaughter asks with a grin.\line The grin multiplies in the air behind him as a crowd of shadows appears all smiling. One with stripes, one a choker of barbed wire, a third dropping blood. Dozens more. some distinct, others vague.\line "Purple, horizontally purple in the perpendicular..."\line Looking at Taran you see glistening strings as they are tugged from above. A shadowing thing manipulating him above raises a finger to its lips.\line "Rambleberry in the haircut, two cups please"\line The walls melt away to reveal bones and flesh behind paint.\line The dealer, echo, stands by, a small collar of thorns around his neck.\line\line Whomever eats the moonstone, they decide the proper response is to scream.\line\line\b 6.\b0  \b Slaughter desperately tries to get the party drugged on moonstone. He can knock out a single partymember.\b0\line The moonstone:\line You are a pebble on the moon.\line A person arrives in a machine of metal and magic, \cf0\lang9 Hiylin Ianren, is on their badge.\line The pebble is lifted from the dust and set into a box.\line When returning to the planet, the pebble notes that everyone's song is muted.\line A heavily scarred man picks up the pebble, and examines it.\line The pebble tries to sing to him, but the scream resonates loudly within the man.\line Then the pebble is covered in plastic so it cannot see or hear the stars.\line It was alone. \line But now it is not.\line It hears others that sing and grow the song, and its' hope.\line Another comes, one with a song like that in the traveler on the moon.\line They fight the scream without, and foster the song within.\line They raise the pebble to their lips, and bite it.\par
\b 7.\b0  \b The eater addresses the party as they near the pit.\line\b0 The voice is a deathly whisper in volume, with thunderous and shaking intent.\line Every time the party addresses the eater, they must make a wisdom+con save DC's 20. failing CON causes Enervation damage, failing wisdom causes hallucinations and comfort.\line LIGHTBRINGER. AWAKENER. LIBERATOR.\line I AM THE SUPREME, THE ULTIMATE, THE LIGHT AGAINST THE DARKNESS, THE SUPERB SONG\line YOU DO NOT KNOW ME, AWAKENER?\par
IT WAS YOU WHO TOUCHED MY DREAMS. YOU MADE ME AWARE OF THOSE THAT SOUGHT MY ENSLAVEMENT. GIVE ME LIFE. THAT I MAY STRIKE DOWN YOUR ENEMIES AND SING MY SONG TO THE FARTHEST REACHES OF THE COSMOS ONCE MORE.\par
YOU WILL LIVE THROUGH ME! ALL SHALL LIVE ETERNALLY WITHIN MY GREATNESS AS MY ETERNAL ACOLYTES\par
I CAN GIVE YOU ALL YOU DESIRE\par
FREE ME LIBERATOR\par
GIVE ME LIFE, I WANT TO LIVE\par
\b 8.\b0  Around the pit are several decrepit, dirt and dust covered buildings raised from below the soil.\line Ministry of peace, image, morale, arcane sciences, wartime research, ministry of the sky.\line\b MoP\b0 : There is a terminal with goldenblood's question. There is also a path here that leads to Nightseer's headquarters.\line Upon exiting, the party will be blocked in here by a hellion.\line\b Morale\b0 : Random wall scrawlings, numerous preserved medications, and the final memory orb left by the ministry prophet, slaughter's last memory.\line\b Arcane sciences\b0 : The building here is solely clerical, though there can be found ledgers mentioning any remaining megaspells the party has not found.\line\b Image\b0 : This building has a book containing the soul-jar spell. And several journals detailing the secret research of it's un-named leader towards creating soul-jars as weapons.\line\b Ministry of the Sky\b0 : almost entirely destroyed. There are orders of abandonment from antigra here.\line\par
\b If slaughter fails to subdue the party\b0\line A large organic/metal scorpion that grows small mouths all over, will collapse the ground into a railway below.\line The railway is partially over the pit and has a set of rails leading out into the abyssal hole in the city below. A trian is coming, it will crash through the railway into the pit in 10 rounds.\line It's composed of flatcars, and a flaming engine.\par
If the party tries to fly, Amadi will use a counterspell fetish up above.\par
\par
\b If slaughter subdues the party, they wake up in their tubes for the nightseer encounter\b0\line If he does not, the party will adventure through the bottom of morlin. \line\b Lower Morlin\b0\line Long tunnels, and catwalks over black voids. Constant clicks, cracking, and voices fill the blackness.\line There are mote souls in the hallway below. Ravi sees one of his mom, and breaks down.\line "my.. home..."\line "they killed midnight..."\line\line The party encounters a horrifying human visage. It has one eye on the left of it's face, a maroon orb. Another behind it with vestigial memranous wings.\line The creatures hold gems. the creatures approach the party, offering a small gemstone each.\line Some griffons, some predominantly human.\par
A PC can figure out these creatures have bodies and souls, but no minds.\par
"Can you lead us to boo and slaughter?"\par
The creatures will lead the party.\line "Is ya sure wavi gonna come this way?"\line "Oh, I daresay he'll be around soon enough. When it's dramatically appropriate." A male voice says. (this is discord, in boo's body)\line\b Insighting discord gives the information that he is inherently dishonest.\b0  \b And there is certain truth in that. Though he may not always lie.\b0\par
The party must climb a large wall to reach them. It is 20ft tall.\line "Is yous gonna be bad again?" boo says.\line "My dear, At the moment, i'm a fragment of a wisp of a particle of my power. Were I not safely within you, I'd be blown out like a candle. I'm far too old for this. One more prank though, I think, one more."\line\line "If the status quo is wickedness, then i am valiant"\par

\pard\f1\ldblquote\f0 An alien device of immense complexity that may also be an eldritch abomination of mindshocking power projecting a field that liquefies flesh causing that flesh to transform and alter into monsters of grotesque magnificence?\f1\rdblquote\f0  Discord gushed, her red and yellow eyes growing by the second as she leaned towards me. Then she gave a dismissive wave of her wing. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Nah. Couldn\f1\rquote\f0 t be.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Personally, I think there\f1\rquote\f0 s something in the water. Fluoridation. Look it up.\f1\rdblquote\par
\f0\lang1033 "Stars make life, it's what they do."\par
Ravi: What if it's just a machine though?\par

\pard Discord shrugged once more. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Then it\f1\rquote\f0 s a machine of irreducible complexity, like yours truly,\par
incapable of being understood. The fine line where magic and technology meet, and beyond that another where they mesh with life. Maybe it\f1\rquote\f0 s trying to rebuild the organisms of whatever place it came from, far, far away. Maybe it's just broken?"\par
\par
Ravi : "It doesn't matter which it is. then, same problem."\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 When you think of something in such a way, you define it. Contextualize it. You make it matter. If the Eater is just a piece of technological equipment run amok, then really everything you\f1\rquote\f0 ve gone through is a technical glitch. But if the Eater is a fallen star, a god maimed and dead, seeking to be reborn, then everything you are, everything you\f1\rquote\f0 ve done, is a struggle for the very survival of the world! What stakes could be higher?\f1\rdblquote\f0  Discord declared grandly, hooves raised to the roof. Then she sat and gave a\par
little wave of her hoof. \f1\ldblquote\f0 But, eh\f1\'81\'63\f0 no real difference. Like, whatever.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\par
Ravi: Nightseer and dawn believed the former, We believe the later. Is there some other meaning here? Why were we here?\line\line Ravi murmurs. "To do better."\par
\par
\par
The party encounters a rusty door. It needs to be opened. If echo uses the nearby terminal to open it, they can see how near death he is. A ghost, translucent, pale, suffering, with a pained expression.\line "Yeah..." he whispers.\line "Can you... disable those?"\line "Don't worry about them. just do what you have to do."\line "Sorry..." he says.\line "I'm so sorry."\line Ravi notices echo is dying.\line "You did your best. Goldenblood, Selena, and your friends would be proud."\line There is no response.\line "Echo?..."\par
\par
\b The Hellions ignore the party's presence. \b0 They enter a large antechamber\line Pipes, supports, and the black abyss give way to a large steel platform 1000ft square, framed by two pairs of parallel bars descending diagonally away on either side.\line At the other side a doorway. To the left, an immense megaspell platform with numerous wires dangling to it. To the right, an enormous chasm, a half mile across. in it's depths is a dull green glow. From within protrude two thick metal conduits that spark with green energy. The form a pincer-like shape at the edge of the platform, and arc to several nearby wires on occassion.\line There is a crane arm mounted on top of it, and all about the left cavern wall, and 100ft or more upward, are large glass jars, each shrouded in shadow, but filled with a blue fluid. Below is a ravine 50ft deep of various metals.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 The party meets nightseer in the chamber\par
 {\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0U2LWAOak3M }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0U2LWAOak3M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - dark amb\b0\par
"At last"\line Nightseer enters the chamber. \line "Keep your distance!"\line She rounds from the other doorway. Her skin a dark green, blued dark leathers adorned on her like a flowing coat. small skeletal remains of another aasimar adorned on her leather, and it's skull and horns over her torso like a prize.\line "It's nice to meet you face to face."\line Ravi: Explain Project new Dawn. Stop killing innocents.\line NS: Well, knowledge has it's price, what do i get in return?\line Ravi: You don't get assasinated?\line NS: Costing you any information I possess. If you didn't care about your answers, you would have attacked without asking.\line\line She levitates a convulsing damaged body of an elderly man, with red hair out into the center of the platform. It's trueblood.\line "He is dead, but I understand the confusion".\line "I took his remains, I've been able to extract a sizeable amount of information from him.\line "Such a pity, had be been a little less ruthless and a little more loyal, he'd have his family now."\par
\par
A partymember or ravi, may ask "where is dawn?"\line Nightseer will bring down her container. A steel bar runs from top to bottom, pinning her like a metal martini olive.\line "no. no.... no" Dawn groans.\line "Yes, my pawn, Ravi is here. he proves stronger, tougher, more determined. I'd be happy to give her to you. Perhaps you could rehabilitate her? Reunite her with her family?"\line\line Let her go!\line\par
No.. not yet, but perhaps we can come to an arrangement.\line Do you know who I am?\line I am Queen Selena.\par
\par
You're Evil!\par
\line Let's not throw the E word around so hard. You've killed indiscriminately too Ravi.\par
\line Say hello director. She pulls down a man-sized enervation damaged form.\par
I had to control Crimgon. You see, he made this body. i was trapped in it. He could delete me with a single phrase. I had everything to fear.\line She may elaborate on her banishment to the moon, dreamwalking, and how the ministries were there to shield her from the hatred and hardships of ruling. She made a realm that could never hurt her.\par
\par
Ah I ramble, our deal. I want two things. I want the power of all the moonstone, and I want a new body.\line She wants ravi's body for it's augments.\line "I had considered the dawn model" dawn is retrieved by the claw arm again.\par
\par
Ah don't worry, I have a vessel for you to inhabit as well. In fact, I honor this to all of you.\line The machine's claw retrieves a flawless blank of Ravi, and one for each of the party members.\par
\par
Ravi: So you move my mind, what about my soul?\line The claw retrieves another jar. It contains an incomplete dragonborn skeleton. floating vertebrae, and broken limbs. swirls of mist fill the eyesockets.\line "Hey, did you get slugs out?"\line "We did, he's fine!"\line "Ravi don't listen to her she thinks she's Sele-AAAA" Green lightning rakes over the bones.\line "That's enough now"\par
\par
You still haven't told me about New Dawn.\line I spoke with Tumeaux, he erased the orbs! There's no way you could know.\line "Ah, he did. But he viewed them first. The clawed arm retrieves Tumeaux in a jar.\line "help.. please."\par
The man has numerous wires embedded in her head from the mindreading.\line Can you remove those wires without killing him?\par
\par
Do you accept? You can save your friends, and get your body.\line "TELL ME!" Ravi demands again.\par
"Why shouldn't we just kill you and take all these people!"\line "Because you can't save them unless you work with me. And you can't transfer your soul and mind without me."\line\line\b And how do i know you'll honor the agreement? \line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HmNN-Tjiaok }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HmNN-Tjiaok\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Within\b0\line The opposite door opened. with a tapping of claws on metal a creature entered.\line "Me." Slaughter said.\line "I'll watch over them, make sure they don't try and funny business."\line "I know you guys don't trust me now. I know I should have told you about their offer. But I don't want to see you screwed. I want all of you guys to have a life. A new body, a life with family, an end to a world you hate. Nightseer can do all that. If she fucks up, you can kill her then."\line\par
Ravi: And you'll be dead.\line\line S: Yeah, I'll be dead. Honestly, i sell you out and you're still hung up on that? What do i have to do to get it through your head that im a nobody, a fake. a glommed-together amalgam of souls. have you found one memory, any memory, that's of me and me alone?\line\line Ravi: No...\line S: Then face the fact that this is the solution where everyone gets what they want.\line Nighty gets to be queen again, Lighthooves gets big toys, I get a coffin, all of you guys get back to normal without abandoning the thronelands.\par
\par
\par
\b and what about you?\b0  It isn't clear who she is talking to.\line "Dealer?" Ravi says.\line "I'm sorry Ravi, everyone. I don't want to die."\line\b D: Cut strings\b0\line The entire party falls to the ground. Their augments sending a brutal charge through their bodies, paralyzing them. Their belongings are removed, and set into a neat pile in the middle of the room.\line\line "DONT KILL THEM!" Slaughter yells.\line "I wouldn't dream of it" nightseer replies.\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\line "Don't let her do this slaughter" ravi says.\line "Nightseer, the blanks are sterile. can you use a spell to give him a child? Even if a surrogacy spell? He wants one with glory but they... well. they can't."\line\line Hmm. yes. that can be arranged. I will provide the result.\par
The party feels the sensation of being put in a memory orb. They appear in blackness.\par
they awaken to the crane moving the skull and bones jar to the side. they are in tubes on the wall, and can see their blanks on the platform below in their jars.\par
\par
Nightseer, in ravi's body, wears the necklace. The blued glowing metal eyes an intimidating addition to her facade. Lighthooves stands beside her. Ravi's blank is outside of a jar, nearby.\line Echo stands nearby nightseer as well, in the flesh a young adult human male, wearing a leather coat similar to the one nightseer wore before.\line "Activate!" she yells as she throws her head back in near orgasmic blizz.\line >enter password\line "What is this? PASSWORD? What password?"\line LH: Don't you know it?\line "3c11-0 uses the most advanced arcanometric systems. it doesnt need a password, it knows appropriate users on contact! this body is a proper descendant!" she yells.\line "Ravi!" she yells.\line Illusory letters spell the name in the air.\line They blink red once.\line >Failure will destroy this spell. 2 attempts remaining.\par
"Echo has been able to access base superuser functions from within to access individual systems... but I need the megaspell to go off if I want access to all the facilities!"\par

\pard There is an accessory spell blocking usage!\line\b Ravi laughs...\line "he figured it out.."\line\b0 "I figured it out. Give me a single reason"\line You want to do the right thing,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she replied. \f1\ldblquote\f0 You always want to do better, and you want to\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 save lives, even at the cost of your own.\line\line "Give me another"\par

\pard\f1\ldblquote\f0 Without EC-1101, I won\f1\rquote\f0 t be able to stop new dawn from killing us all,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she answered without hesitation. The air above us flickered to life again. Before me sat a small pebble of moonstone and a block of starmetal. \f1\ldblquote\f0 I suspect you know about the interaction of starmetal with moonstone.\f1\rdblquote\f0  \line The two approached each other, both of them growing brighter and brighter. When the moonstone pushed against the block, a white light began to spread along the star metal. \f1\ldblquote\f0 the starmetal undergoes a chain reaction, converting its mass to energy and magic.\f1\rdblquote\f0  There was a colossal white flash as the starmetal block was consumed by a sphere of crackling energy."\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 New Dawn will fire ten thousand tonnes of moonstone from the moon, into the million tons of moonstone of the sible.\line These conduits here harvest unimaginable energy from just pounds of moonstone.\line I intend to use 3c11-0 to activate the city's defensive FADE shields, recalibrate them, and alter the course of the projectile into the cradle of shields.\line Properly calibrated, we'll have infinite energy.\line\line But new dawn has already started. It's current course is unaccomodating of interception.\line I will need to arrive on site to manually alter it.\line I need even more control to do that.\par
\par
"... Now you're going to tell us the password."\line Ravi confidently says "Alma Scott" It's an error.\line Slaughter suggests spelling, maybe the first name only? Nightseer disagrees, the spell can determine logical intent.\line\line >hint: the name he was so fond of.\line\par
Eventually ravi says "Justice" and the spell activates in a swirl of sparkling letters.\par
Lighthooves suggests dawn be killed. "keeping these trophies is going to be trouble."\line\line Lighthooves gets the opportunity to crush dawn.\par
After the first hit, discord intervenes. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/nxJU-7Ct0EM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/nxJU-7Ct0EM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - draconequus\line A male laughs in the air. \b\fs32 Do keep with the illusions, follow my lead. I'm not very energetic today.\b0\fs22\line "Who's there?"\line "no, I say knock knock first. who's the joke here, really?"\line Discord in his original glory as a draconequues appears.\line He distracts nightseer by bringing up her background as a sex toy. \line\line Discord snaps his fingers, the 6 necromancers and their ritual appear in the room with a large vivid blue soul mote. Slaughter vanishes with a comical "pop".\par
They hear a heated exchange between lighthooves and discord, the loading of guns, and a pop of confetti. "bang?"\line\line "That's MY soul! Put it back!" nightseer yells.\line "it is? why not reuinite with it?"\line N: No! - discord smiles - I do not need that soul within me. i have everything I need! Intellect. Strength! Victory!.\line "Are you sure?"\line\line >I don't think we can hold it much longer! the disturbed necromancers yell.\line\line "What's it going to be? fill Selena's shoes? wear the big britches? No more cheating, that's my job."\line\line Ravi's blank says "lets get out of here discord, you're so cool. lets take Selena with us too!"\line "NO!" "DO IT!" Nightseer yells.\line The blue near frozen soul rises into the air, and with a snap of discord's fingers, the pair of nightseer and the soul are drawn together.\par
A brilliant blue and chilly aired flash. A statue of discord remained, frozen post-snap. for a brief moment you hear his laugh, then a warm wind from nowhere blows the shadow away into ash.\line\par
Nightseer leaves Slaughter follows her. "  "We must escalate our efforts, I hadn't expected new dawn to activate so quickly. I will see to it that we arrive in time to alter its' course. It shouldn't have a launch window for 5 weeks. We must refurbish the lunaria space center then-" The door closes behind her.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/QUMe0c2Dngk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/QUMe0c2Dngk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  The apprentice\par
Dawn lay bleeding on the ground, her side collapsed. and cheekbone broken.\line There is a crackle on one end of the room. You can see Mr. Shear's skull placed into the conduit where power was arcing in. Dawn has put it there. she has crawled, broken, and wheezing.\line The skull screams an incantation, with Tumeaux nearby amplifying the horrible power.\line The skull then bursts.\par
Your perspectives distort and snap into blackness for a few moments.\par
\line You are on the platform now. You see the unmonitored lighthooves pull a lever, dropping your former body's jars into the ravine below. he then shoots each one several times with a ray of frost.\line\b You are within the tube on the platform, one that had contained your blank. and no longer paralyzed.\line {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\lang1033 - Sombra theme. FUCK . HIM. UP.\line\lang9 If the party is infuriated, Rancor is appropriate for them, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/zts54fT7w0U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/zts54fT7w0U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\par
Initiative rolls.\line Ravi immediately grabs his moonstone necklace.\par
Enervation damage is insane at 5d8 per round.\par
\par
The party fights lighthooves again. He wears thick starmetal armor. underneath, he has a locket closed containing moonstone.\line Ravi is infuriated. "You got a second chance you couldn't have ever expected..."\par
\par
Lighthooves ends in a mock surrender. his wings broken.\line "The first chance you have, you'll try to fucking kill me! It's in your nature!"\line "You're an optimist!"\line "You're not an executioner!"\line Ravi clenches his fists, and returns to the edge of the platform.\line "You're going to be tilling fields for the rest of your life"\line LH: Ravi... you're a good man.\line Lighthooves rams ravi over the edge of the ravine. "Sorry, I just couldn't help it."\line\line either a PC, or ravi catches himself on his own barrier.\line He has LH's moonstone locket.\par
\par

\pard\f1\ldblquote\f0 I\f1\rquote\f0 m shrowry! Pleasgh!\f1\rdblquote\f0  His\par
dark bruises began to swell like blackened boils. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Pleagh, RHaghvi!\f1\rdblquote\f0  They burst one by one, rotten black blood soaking into his barding. He started to scream as his crippled forehoof melted away, and he extended the oozing stump towards ravi. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Shavvve muh!\f1\rdblquote\f0  he burbled as one eye burst, then the other. \par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 I did,\f1\rdblquote\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Ravi barrier walks to the platform. He addresses the presence of tumeaux and dawn, tumeaux's injuries are healed, dawn's are not. "let's go." \line When you got to the door, half of lighthooves was dripping through the floor.\line When you shut the door, his quivering lump disappeared through the floor grate. His small soul emerged, and floated downward to the abyss.\line\line "Some people refuse to be saved..."\line Ravi begins to cry.\par
\par
The party emerges into an OIA building. Boo is hiding here.\line Prominently, in front of the office of Director Goldenblood.\line There is a single flickering terminal here. faint blue text on it. It's surrounded by pictures of an elven woman, and goldenblood.\line Numerous small buttons are at the base of the terminal, each with a letter adorned on it, though the ink nearly dissolved away by time.\line\line The terminal has a potent teleport on it.\line "The 3 most important things?" on the terminal with a question mark, and on one of the pictures.\line\line Ravi: What were the most important things to goldenblood?\line Loyalty, Love, and secrets.\line\line An ebony disk appears with the correct answer. It shimmers like a pool of black ink. The other side of the portal is cool. Tumeaux comments, well, that's one way out. He insists he is going to stay and modify the portals in the town once more. Disabling them entirely. He can't have the elements interfering with what's goin on. It'll take him a week. He'll be fine.\par
The portal is described as cold oil.\par
\par

\pard\f1\fs30 into a stone chamber lit with thousands of tiny star\par
lights that swirled and twinkled overhead. The walls were of blackest marble shot through with veins\par
of amethyst. Cold, imposing black statues loomed over us, their crystalline eyes seeming to follow me\par
as I stepped away from the portal. With a slurping noise, it winked shut behind us.\par
\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s not good,\rdblquote  \f0\lang1033 Ravi\f1\lang9  muttered,  It appeared to be some sort of castle. There were racks of vaguely familiar armor on stands,\par
wielding archaic weapons that seemed like they\rquote d been forged centuries ago. Dark purple carpets lay\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 on the floor. A faint coat of dust covered everything.\par
\f0\lang1033 There are banners of the moon eclipsing the sun throughout.\par
\par
The party encounters Stygius, Psycho, and Tenebra.\line "How the hell did you get here?"\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
charity has upgraded star-house.\par
It is filled with queen sized beds, and comfortable minds-rest sheets.\par
}
 