{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Ravi, Taran, Ronaug, and Slaughter are talking to the Pegasus Nota in Lintle.\par
Nota is trying to explain everything she knows in exchange for the Cello contianing Octave's soul.\line PSycho walks in, answering the question "I've been around since the titan war.."\par
_____\line Storm ambience, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/3sL0omwElxw }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/3sL0omwElxw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
A brief discussion happens, where Nota explains what she knew about the war to the party.\line -There was an arms race to beat the titans from the templar. This scared the elves.\line -The elves began practicing their own magic, and a war broke out between the two.\line -When the aasimar queens died and the balefire blast was cast, the pegasi abandoned the surface.\line -The Griffon Antigra stayed, she fought the titans, and never returned. Any other pegasi that went with her were labled antigrites, and forbidden from returning for fear of carrying plague or foul titanic magics.\line\line >Homage will arrive, on this note. "Lighthooves will kill us for being down here!"\line\line -Griffons were the mediator between the pegasi and surface. We haven't kept up\line\line "Nota! We need to leave!"\line "I can't fly in this weather with Octave on my back Homage! We won't go anywhere, we'll stay right here until someone clears the sky for us!"\line >she explains Octave to Homage, and the worry concerns homage enough to remain silent for a few minutes more.\par
-The other group, the Skywardens, are the opposite of Antigrites. They think the surface is a horrible place plagues with disease.\line "And they aren't wrong, look at the coast! Cannibal humans, dwarves, dragonmen! Please, I can clear the sky for us, lets leave!"\line\line Nota looks concerned.\line "no, Homage, we wait right here! We won't get branded for being down here a few hours."\line She the addresses the party, "What causes that? Can it spread to us?"\line\line The two begin discussing the disease with great fear.\line "Where did that start? Where did it come from?"\line >That's where lighthooves expedition was! Why didn't he report it?!" Homage would say.\line >Lighthooves is the skywardenest skywarden, do you think those things he said about "cleaning the surface" weren't as nice as they sounded?\par
\par
\par
\b ___ in the morning\b0\line Dock market ambience, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/frEJTGfLOhM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/frEJTGfLOhM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line In the town, the following is happening.\line\line If the misty pallisade city were a bathtub, the gates were the drain. As the western wooden gate opened, the thick sun-lit mists poured out.\line\line -Templar crier, Anyone not wartime capable is advised to evacuate to the thronelands.\line Leighton survivors have been sent to Camp Hollow, please search for loved one's there.\line Do. Not. Return. To. Leighton. The city is occupied by savages.\line - A man will arrive at the door of the mayor's house. requesting everyone vacate. The templar are condemning the building until a proper investigation can be made.\line --- He can be persuaded to ignore them.\line - The aarakocra boat is at the docks here, it is soliciting for armed escort to Twin Lakes.\line -Rumor, templar war assets are busy in the south sea. Belan keep isn't enforcing restrictions\line -Cool air has collected in the city\line -there are few fish here this time of year.\line -usually the mayor sends a caravan to Twin Lakes for food, but things are complicated. no Govt. because the templar are occupied.\line -Ravi is trying to prepare for a long trip, but is finding food difficult to buy.\line -Slaughter, is having a talk with psycho from atop the norther wall.\line --- They are discussing "Big Daddy's" fight club in leighton. They were both "bruisers" high ranking members, and seem to know each other somewhat. Crimgon under the name "Sanguine" administered fights, while "Big Daddy" used the club members to maintain stability in the underground and slums.\line\line\b\line ___On the aarakocra boat\line {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Ft-lJyu_nuY }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Ft-lJyu_nuY\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22  boat ambience.\line\line Looking around\line -There are two movable cannons on the main deck, and 3 masts, with 2 wing sails and a tremendous mainsail. Supporting rigging is made from thick, very-climbable rope.\line - Sunlight reaches down below deck through wooden grates. perception to see some boxes down below. There is a series of ropes that feed to the boom of a support sail to lift/lower objects through this grate.\line -There is an enormous cannon you would think appropriate for a castle wall on the bow of the ship. It seems to be on a platform that allows it to rotate upward and around the mast to change sides.\line - There are several everburning torches on the deck.\line - The upper deck of the bow has a large anchor wheel.\line -The rear of the vessel has several large windows. Perception to see the captain's cabin.\line -The vessel is being loaded as celeano leaps the gap to the boat with a small flap. She tosses ropes down to her crew, they begin tying the boxes of sloshing bottles to the ropes.\line Celeano swings the boom of a sail over, using it and the ropes like a crane. One of her crew helps her pull the boxes up, and they are deposited on deck.\line\line Celeano welcomes the party.\line "I don't care about most of you fools, you break the boat, we all die. Stay outta things that aren't yours, if it's locked, leave it alone. Beyond that, feel free to roam the seahorse."\line She stamps her right leg, it doesn't make a thud against the wood, but a sharp short sound. like a dart hitting a board.\line "Our boat, our rules. If shit ain't good and you ain't a fighter get below deck, stay outta the way. Don't stand in passageways ever, and stay in the boat.".\line\line "Boys, tie those birds up like lobsters, or they ain't comin. Flyers go up, and they get shot down by the darn spire at Twin Lakes. No flyin off when the Seahorse pops a leak and it takes old Swasher here a few minutes to tar it up."\line\line >She isn't always so formal, lotta stress on the cap'n.\par
Crew, Tarboots, quartermaster \line Thrush, muscle and chef\line Blackjack, and Swasher are experienced sailors.\par
\line\b >Overhearable conversations\par
\par
\b0 Celeano can be heard talking and yelling a few times. She usually has a sloshing bottle in hand.\b\par
"\b0 Fuck the templar, they're rougher than the eastern sea in winter. But they've got us following all these damn orders. Hell, Crimgon wanted us to toss this necklaced fool in the brig! and sail his dumb ass all the way to morlin!"\line\line >she makes eye contact with any spies, and takes a pull of her bottle\par
"We gotta do somethin better, what else is there?" a crewman says\par
\b "\b0 I'd swing on poseidon himself if we had options instead of these "gently requested orders" Celeano replies.\par
She sits defeatedly, looking at her spy again. "This dull routine we've been forced to do."\line "They robbed us of who we are." someone murmurs.\line -\line When talked to about the templar, she sighs "It's like theres a feeling deep inside, as if a story waiting to be told."\b\par
\b0 -\b\line\b0\line\ldblquote Who, me? Collect for Usury?HA! Fuck Usury!  Fuck her right up her ass with an anchor!  Bitch wanted me to transport slaves for her.\rdblquote\par
Do you know what kind of mess slaves make?  I mean really?  Smell lasts for. . .  ev. . .  er. . . \par
\ldblquote So I told her to go fuck herself, and everyone in Belan keep, and I think everyone in Fenwick"\par
\ldblquote I think Imight have shot her too. Shot at her. . .  one of the two.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well I was drunk at the time, and I don\rquote t quite think she understood all the impli-cations therein.  She took it all personal-like.  Put a ten thousand cap bounty on my noggin. I don\rquote t think she realized most bounty hunters can\rquote t swim,\rdblquote\par
-\par
"Now those boys in Sarn, have some good on em'! Gettin those old projects and what not. I hope they can find what they need."\par
"Hah! Lets get some of that crazy magic ourself and make ole' horsey fly!" - a sailor says\par
"I'd never cast warding again! No fuck is gonna get us in the sky! Haha!"\par
-\par
"My daddy showed me all the neat little hidey holes and hazards to avoid"\par
"I've been sailing fenwick since I was born"\par
\line\par
\b Arrival At Twin Lakes\b0\line\line The city is large enough to house several guilds of artisans and their families. It has a tall wall of stone with the large and flat faces covered in hammered steel.\line Steel and shingle rooftops adorn sqaure buildings uniform in shape, but not placement or elevation. looking like a bishop in chess, there was a large spire 50ft tall in the center of the city, it's crafter steel heavily tarnished, but very strong. At it's apex was an orb crackling verdant and purple energies. The light of this orb illuminates smoke from what you assume to be a few blacksmiths (wisdom to realize it's cold enough for fireplaces here.) The air is chilly, the coastal breeze strong blowing inland.The only gap in the wall, allows seaships to reach the docks, even protruding out and encapsulating dozens of feet of useless seawater (int to realize it only goes far enough out to reach depths difficult to pass by foot)\par
Looking at "boom closer"\line -I didn't even want to imagine... okay... in your imagination the sight of it firing was pretty cool.\line\line "Alright everyone, get your gold bits together, Usury needs her due for you to step onto the docks. You're takin the cerulean soggy ride to the coast if not. She's a huge cunt we know."\line\line Dockworkers pull the seahorse closer, and begin tying it up. Celeano pays the party.\line "Ed' would have charged you for the free passage, now that I know you're comin here."\line >do you know ed?\line "Everyone in Fenwick knows ed, damn bastard's gonna own every piece of gold someday."\par
Once on the dock, a worker wearing less salty burlap approaches.\line "aight ma'am, 5g per pair of feet on the dock, you get a 2g discount like always."\line\line After collecting,\line "Thanks everyone, welcome to Twin Lakes. Start a fight and bring the wrath of "Boom" down upon you."\line The spire is here because the city has been dwindling in warriors, and needs to be ready to fend off the templar or waterhold.\line\line There's a bookstore on the south side for a wizard. Bishop's books. Ran by Bishop, elf with blonde hair He carries old tomes, and sells magical books people find from the ruins.\line There is a large circular tavern with many hitchposts in the middle of the city.\line Blacksmiths on the north side.\line Thieves on the northwest wall.\line\line There is a large circular tavern with many hitchposts in the middle of the city.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/SnQ7jep1k3E }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/SnQ7jep1k3E\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line There is a pawn shop on the east side as well. Randals Pawn Shop. \line\par
\b in the city\par
-\b0 Meet mister shears. If he meets slaughter, he'll begin chatting about soul-jars.\line He is portly, ashorter human, even in his apparent age, his face still bears the energy of youth. He carries a large pair of gardening shears on his belt. "guy's gotta make a mundane livin somehow'."\line "anyway im talkin witch'ya because I need some help from someone with good muscle, and we been lacking around here."\line Shears carries 55g, a copy of his black book on soul jars, and  has a soft-cloth lined jacket with pockets\line\line He will ask for help in getting his friend saved from the upper lock of Sarn, an alchemical medical city, which has been losing control of itself. His friend isn't gonna die of old age, and if he's still alive they probably won't kill him, no rush! I'll join ya and help when you're ready!\line His friend is "Slugs", a tall green dragonborn.\line "We can nip right up it, pop him out, maybe free some Sarn researchers, and get you guys some good information on watch'yer lookin for!"\par
\par
\par
Travel to Sarn\b\par
Celeano will confront the party about the templar as they disembark about the templar\b0  \b if they dont ask her first.\b0\line They trust the party enough to give them a dispatcher. A small scroll tube that when sealed, sends it's contents to a receiver on the boat.\line "we'll keep our talons wet here, if something gets fighty in there and you aren't up to snuff, send us a note. If you got somethin you need out, send it too!\line Let's do something awesome."\par
If someone is on deck after dark, a drunk Celeano may invite them to her quarters with the tease "I thought you might enjoy a little \i white meat\i0 ," she'll say as she walks to the stern of the ship, removing her jacket revealing soft white down feathers of her very humanoid bosom.\par
It needs to be revealed how Ravi got the necklace.\line "They told the village elder to hand over "the spell". One of my friends was hiding it, the elder had been getting crazy as a result of a lot of us being upset with them. Eventually they were being put to death. She sneakily moved the spell to my necklace before her execution and put a lock spell so that only the necklace could be it's focus, nobody else could move it. The elder killed her, but couldn't find the spell in the village. Eventually the outsiders attacked, and were killing everyone.\line I told them that I had it, and ran.\par
\par
\par
\b arrival at Sarn.\b0\line The city itself is a closed cylinder of stone. It seems to have windows for a few floors, but then ceases at the fourth.\line The structure is not large, Celeano may comment on it's population being under 500 at any time, she exposes- It's a city of alchemical professionals, and medical scientists.\line The exterior entryway is made of thin glass doors that swing when pushed.\line The residents greet the party but request Slaughter stay outside as he seems violent.But before ejecting him they ask if they need medical aid, and then why they are here. The residents are in fairly clean white gray and blue clothes.\line They are relieved to have someone enter the top floors to assist, and allow passage through the atrium to the magical elevator. The walkways are cleaned and polished stone. White everburning torches give vivid illumination.\line -slugs is on the second to top floor, but there is no elevator access to it, you can go to the top.\line -the party is warned this place is heavily trapped by something controlling the upper parts of the hospital.\line\line - upper portion intro theme {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/B7KeDZDE2yc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/B7KeDZDE2yc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Longer BGM, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/SZ6PkZLmOfk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/SZ6PkZLmOfk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line\line The top floor, is anything but. The walls are painted in blood, and corpses everywhere. Cracked stone floors, and fallen cabinets and tables litter everything. \line looking at the wall opposite the elevator.In flaking black-maroon letters, a single word was written as if with a paintbrush.\line -that isn't paint.\line "Play" is written, each letter the size of a man, the word repeated down every hallway. \line -` will say "he's here, I can feel him".\line\line\line If by some means the party falls to a floor below. An abomination awaits them\line\line They turn the corner into a straight hallway. Then a red light appears at the end of the hall. \ldblquote What the heck is. . . ?\rdblquote  Ravi started to ask, taking a step forward. From the roof came a sharp flash.  Suddenly, the red light turned green, and from the hallway behind us something metallic screeched, coming closer.\line\line The party has several rounds, all actions taken together, to run to the door.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/56xXtkTAyXg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/56xXtkTAyXg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\par
beams of magic strike anything that illuminates. magic flashes only illuminated something big and bloody. Suddenly the light turned red and it stopped. We all froze. "Oh Goddesses. . .  it\rquote s a game." Ravi says. The light turned green , \ldblquote Run!\rdblquote  , but the crashing behind us grew closer.\line The doorway is 300ft away around a slightly curves hallway. The last player to the door, will have it shut on them. In the Sanguine glow, you can see X frozen in terror. A vaguely canine grin of metal right behind them.\line Red Light.\line The door shuts.\line\line The player inside has the option of a small hatch 10ft up in the ceiling to escape with. The creature will attack then with a deluge of organs, metal, and canine howls, until they escape.\par
-The party can find a room with a child held in stasis.\line The child has been here hundreds of years, and has gone insane. It seems to have a terminal illness. Shears explains that stasis like this makes you fully aware, he's been unable to move or communicate for that whole time.\line Something has connected a conduit from this child's stasis spell to the facility's energy.\line Does the party -\line Power the pod down, killing the mad child.\line disconnect the conduit, leave, and hope someone else shows up to heal them.\line\line -Ravi suggests giving up after the answer, this is ridiculous.\line At the suggestion, Shears will cast a spell at ravi, a black, swirling cloud will enter him.\line -In two hours, your soul will be destroyed. I'll reverse it if we find Slugs'.\line\line The party sees two creatures in the hallway, metallic abominations of human and golem. One takes the elevator down.\line\line Some time laer, an intense fire bursts out from the elevator shaft.\line The party takes cover in a nearby room. Shears, and doctor surewing (if slaughter is present), make potions to counteract the fire with materials in a nearby closet.\line\line The party can convince Shears to remove the curse, but his dispel doesn't work. Ravi still feels awful.\line\line "We need to find slugs, he can do it!"\par
They take the potions, and exit. \line Shears sacrifices himself as the building collapses, allowing numerous abominations to approach. "Save Slugs! I'm going to do something! Run!". The last thing you can see of Shears is him casting a spell at a light from a fallen room nearby the hallway going dark, and a red light flicking on in the debris, before a door shuts.\line\line The collapse made finding the cell easy. Slug's is a green dragonborn who speaks slowly.\line He immediately removes the curse from Ravi. "Where is Shears?"\line "oh snips, im sorry, we got into a loooootta trouble".\line "Lets get outta here."\par
The party emerges to cannon fire as the seahorse is destroying the creatures.\line They escape onboard. Slugs tells them exactly where whitefield ruins is.\par
Celeano joins in, asking what's at whitefield. "Damn lotta good that kinda magic can do in the right claws." she'll comment if explained properly.\par
"Hey, landlubbers! You guys are good, but we'll show you how it's really done!"\par
\par
"Hah! Lets get some of that crazy magic ourself and make ole' horsey fly!" - a sailor says\par
"I'd never cast warding again! No fuck is gonna get us in the sky! Haha!"\par
\par
\par
Whitefield Ruins.\line\line The party arrives at night, there is a dimly burning fire and several hobgoblins under the spire.\line\line\line The ruin is found in a deep 50ft crater.\line Reaching to the height of the crater, is a large sliver of marble, at least 30ft wide, and 50ft tall,  impaled into the ground like a great javeline.\par
The players enter and explore the ruins.\line\line Rain of Steel and Lighthooves arrive behind them. They are waiting southward for Ravi.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/jcQw6vaKd4o }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/jcQw6vaKd4o\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line Ravi feels like we might loose the fight, and won't risk letting them leave with the matrix.\line "you guys wager we can't risk that pegasus hitting the skies with this can you?".\line "I've got a different bet in mind".\line Ravi casts a barrier on the ceiling above the door, and pulls down, collapsing the way out, separating the party from Rain of Steel and Lighthooves.\line He puts the matrix into the scroll tube, and sends it to the aarakocra on the seahorse.\line "Tell the birds what to do with that"\line Celeano will reply. "No can do darlin'. We're coming to save you, hang on".\par
The party can hear rain and lighthooves talking.\line "We can wait for them, they'll wear down, we'll get them after they move all that rubble.".\line\line Celeano will immediately use the spell on her boat. Rain of Steel and Lighthooves will be waiting outside with their reinforcements.\line A battle-between the airborne seahorse trying to save the party. and Rain of Steel will begin after some time. A blast of thunder will echo around. the seahorse is firing on rain.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo3Y49FHp8U }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo3Y49FHp8U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Lunar pirates.\line Continued fight music, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/W3pkEHz-koQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/W3pkEHz-koQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line When rain fires a bale-light blast at the seahorse, a cannonball will intercept it, creating a violently white 100ft mid-air explosion.\line\line Archers are firing at the Seahorse. It passes low, letting many ropes down over the side.\line "Get on!"\line\line Departing, Time to be awesome.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnAzcn05Yws }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnAzcn05Yws\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 