{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;\red155\green187\blue89;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\line\b Goldenblood awakens the party.\line Things have moved up, she's going to launch in 3 hours\b0 .\b\line\b0 Your transport is arranged, a brief window will be available in two hours.\line They expect nightseer will launch in 3.\par
\b 1. Ravi shows off Vigilance.\line\b0 The war has started, the party will be commencing their operation in two hours.\line\highlight1 As ravi arrives, he knocks over some belongings of a griffon from the marble tower.\line A memory orb rolls out. The griffon is not present.\line\highlight0 Stormwalker is content with them watching if he returns. "It's just someone watching things fall apart after the tower fell."\line\line\i Vigilance\i0 , is the weapon wielded by Selena if she ever met the front lines of war.\line It is a bastard sword, with inbuilt magic bullet.\b\line\b0 The hilt of Vigilance.\line Raven\line Selena\line Eventide\line Fierce Moon\line Hiylin Ianren\line Percival Tenny\line Ronald Tenny\line Marigold Alabaster\line Redakaviin Alabaster\par
He wants to show glory. Ravi seems confident. "We can figure everything out tomorrow. Lets win this to secure it."\par
\highlight1\b Tumeaux\b0  reminds the party they have a sending box that can reach the other leaders.\par
\highlight0\b\par
\cf2\highlight3 2. The tempest shrieks across the field.\line In one hour, the party will depart. The SPP encounter begins this.\line\b0 This is the party's cue they have one hour left. Goldenblood speaks with them.\b\line\cf0\highlight0\b0 it seems to have become sentient. It inhibits any magic with a target further than a mile away, and fizzles spells under 4th level. It resides on a tree bunker somewhere in the drylands.\par
\highlight3 Tapa scott will be joining the group, to tumeaux's chagrin. \highlight0 She has learned everything she could about the technology over the last few weeks, she may be useful. \b tapa replaces boo for the encounters next.\par
\highlight3\b0 The aasimar Brave Redheart from the arena will be their first teleport, and is present.\b\par
\highlight0 Goldenblood will be observing the state of the battle. He suggests the party do the same.\line He suggests two people watch over them while they scry.\b0\line\b\line\b0 Bunker 1- The reapers are successful in eradicating the tree. They nearly lost big daddy, but he vomited up his trump card instead of dying. They were confronted by a morlin hellion, and encountered the legate shortly after.\line Bunker 2- Slugs dies, Tiara over-radiates the bunker, and dies as a sacrifice to destroy the tree. She had illusions of their friend the goddess at the end.\line As she walks to the tree, glowing brightly. "Diamond, I finally found you!"\line Bunker 3- The tempest is on it. Sekashi's and Lancer cannot enter. Contingencies are being pursued.\par
Dawn, Celeano, Boo, Ogrim, and Admiral Arnold, are all riding the seahorse.\par
\b Stygius, Whisper, and the bats are assaulting the army at morlin directly.\b0\line Hades has a grievous injury to his head. Persephone guides his attacks.\line "OBLIVION!" "...did I get them?" "yes dear"\line Tenebra begins to have a seizure, then takes some pills given to her by goldenblood.\line Stygius squeaks at her. "better' she says.\line They receive a +3 to their dice result during Octave's song.\par
\b Captain Celeano is doing quick passes over Leighton while moving eastward.\b0\par
\line Goldenblood is doing something horrifying. Something you hadn't seen him do in any memory orb, in person, or any knowledge ever about him.\line He is smiling. His grin widens, scars stretching. In a genuine warm chuckle, he laughs briefly.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/mlY7-mh3l-c }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/mlY7-mh3l-c\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - demigods.\line "I think Amadi was right, all of you are cursed. I was awaiting a demise i thought worthy, perfectly content. Now I'm out here, about to send a bundle of demigods, and a civil engineer on a mission to the moon, procrastinating the end as long as I can.\line Damn all of you, haha"\b\line\b0\line Prior to the teleport, goldenblood says they should say something important to them, at least a sentence long, and not inhale afterward.\line Perception : for every 10, a player can pick someone to listen to. \line Ravi : Tomorrow, I'll die to protect it.\line Glory : Go into this wanting to live.\line Tumeaux : The world needs heroes among it's people.\line Tapa : We'll try to fix everything, whenever it goes wrong.\par
Near departure, goldenblood clarifies with them.\line Things are... tenuous. They are disorganized, but overwhelming 20 to 1, the attack on the center is a limited diversion.\line Progress through the center. establish control. stop Nightseer, depart yourself.\line Good luck.\par
\b\par
\highlight3 3. Departure\highlight0\line\highlight3 One the time is reached,\highlight0\b0\line The party is quickly teleported by a series of aasimar in an obscure path along the southern coast. Sidney notes from the unity, some of these are fabricated blue aasimar, some are fallen greens. They wait one minute at each aasimar. None of which know who the last in the chain is, nor where they are arriving. Breathe, Repeat, the aasimar tell them.\line They appear in the air very high above the space center. The air in their lungs expands rapidly from the change in altitude. \line\line The party emerges to a fierce firestorm brewing to the west.\line The voice of nightseer is heard in your minds. it speaks in time with the green pulses of the city.\line "We are infinite, immortal, and powerful! We will bring salvation to the land! We will save everyone! My subjects will see that you , our enemies, are vanquished! I will again be queen!"\line The SPP hub's porcelain looking orb will be flown in by a flock of pegasi.\line The acrid city pulses, a thought is heard in your minds, unspoken.  "Sister..."\line It summons a great isolate hurricane, and battles with the tempest.\line Based on rolls - The tempest will be diminished and retreat. \line However the city of morlin will fire a brutal green verdant laser at the SPP hub.\line "Sister...I'm sorry... But I will do better than you this time!"\line The shields on the hub hold, growing bright with the volley, it does however force them to retreat.\line The city is exhausted, the hub hides behind a western mountain.\line\line The party waits in the air. The aasimar may talk with them.\line "Some of us are mad about the goddess still."\line "Some angry, some want to replace the goddess. But it's a second chance. And I have my sister here to help me, the blue says."\line "You're not my sister. You're an intern who shouldn't have even been at sarn that day".\line "Greens." "Blues" they say in near unison.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/AaYjEuahVqA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/AaYjEuahVqA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - carbon maestro, wings.\par
There is a wild volley of spells and gunfire flung from the west as a hundred soldiers advance.\line The attacker's casualties are immense, the brood decimate them, but the charge continues.\line A partymember may see two casters in the pile, or notice the lack of blood and rather snow, from the illusory army's death.\line One of the green aasimar chuckles. "One of those blues down there, they used to be a special effects manager for the ministry of image. We planned on using this trick to defeat trueblood and the templar."\line\line There is a very immense pulse of magic, as if a ritual requiring many creatures.\line Diamond dogs and the templar army rise from the collapsing ground under the brood, remnant elves, and harbingers.\par
\line "That's your cue, good luck. "\line\line The party begins to fall.\line\line\b\par
\highlight3\fs32 4. Landing and Starkatteri\highlight0\fs22\line\b0 The party lands near the entrance, amongst a number of Broof of Amadi.\line "For the revenant! For the legate! " two mithril armored elves yell.\line A pegasus reef soldier with a brown shield on it's armor, and broken wings points a gun at them.\line "We... we had orders... I'm sorry."\line "EASILY REMEDIED"\line A pegasus whose shiny white fur seemed to frame such a paragon that he sparkled with beauty. His baby blue eyes sparkle as they regard the dirty bug that is yourself.\line He is horrifyingly scribbled on in marker.\line "I am immediately assigning you to accompany us to the battlefield to help defend our order!"\line He then pointlessly throws the injured over-dutiful pegasus 20 feet or so.\par
Once entering, the party must decide what floor to go to.\line "Storage" -> "Control"\line "Astronomy" -> "Engineering"\line "Museum" -> "Planetarium"\line\line "I wish boo was here. She'd know which one to guess."\line\line\highlight5\fs32 ____STARKATTERI\highlight0\fs22\line\line\b Pythia encounter. \line\b0 The lights go dark as the party enters. Overhead in the middle, a large chandeleir's filaments flicker on, one by one.\line All of the elves have red facepaint that resembles the orbit of planets.\line\b Ashur, \b0 A horned mask painted black and red.\b\line "\b0 The black star Ashur's cold embrace overcomes your weak tools"\line (hey! I know him! That's my old priest!)\line\b Dagon, \b0 A mask with numerous red spirals over it's white paint, as if a burning flame.\b\line\b0 Tosses crimson dust into the air. "Did you think we'd overlook your plans, little pretenders?"\line The dust cloud forms crimson serpents that chase glory around the room.\line\b Namtar, **Pythia** - \b0 A white mask, with a red point like an upside-down teardrop.\b\line\b0 She will tell future events to her allies. Giving them a bonus action to respond.\line "Block!" - The defender prepares before you even fully finish premeditating your attack.\line "Yeah, namtar curse you or whatever."\line "busy now"\line Pythia has a 20,1,1, and a 10 in her divination reperitoire.\line BOO will fight pythia, pitifully.\b\line Nibiru, \line\b0 "The stars rot for eons, and you shall join them, Nibiru demands it."\line She strikes with long whipping tendrils of green fire from her hands that deal necrotic or fire damage, whichever is stronger to the target.\line (range 30)\line\line Cloaked figures, three adults and a youth.\line\line\b As the fight continues-\line\b0 "Told you, busy now"\line "This may not be the Maiden of the stars, but Namtar is going nuts here! I don't know who they are, but they aren't nobodies."\line -Old female elf - "focus on the later, not the now, Pythia."\line "Finally! we will be ascendant after ten thousand years!"\line\line\b Even further -\b0  "Kill them, I'll feel better when the maiden of stars is on her rocket and gone forever."\line Ravi- "Nightseer? Forever? She's coming right back you know!"\line "and a balefire missile stands ready to greet her the instant she lands. One treated with our magics to disrupt any pitiful shields or magics she might use to defend herself. She'll vaporize before she even realizes she was used!"\line\line Pythia "Shut up Eurydale! you're making basic mistakes."\par

\pard\b Towards the end\line "\b0 And who's going to rule? Which of you elves calls the shots?"\line "Why, all of us. The legate sits on the throne, and we will all get things done"\line\i Pythia struggles to read the paper\i0\line "This isn't right, Scylla! I'm seeing shadows all over the future! Something is wrong!...\line AND WOULD SOMEONE GET HER OFF ME? It's hard enough to divine in a battle without distractions." She kicks boo away again.\line\line "Fine, I'll remove the distraction then." \line Eurydale throws more red dust into the air.\line "HAH! NOW who's making rookie mistakes?! The airborne dust congeals with the serpents and forms the shape of a large red dragon."\line FLY! Fly! Fly as fast as you can! There's nowhere to run when all is alfame!\line Glory is burned somewhat.\line\line Talismans in the room respond to the immense smoke, and spew water into the chamber.\line No! No!\line Dagon! Burn her! Burn them all! \i She tears up as she looks at the red goop running down her hands.\i0\line Dagon, why have you forsaken me! \line "Burn them! Dagon will consume you! He will burn the world to ash!"\line Glory may kill her, or at hit her hooves against her skull.\line\line\b At the end-\line\line\b0 The male summons four large spears of ice. "This is over"\b\line\line\b0 Ravi "I can tell you why you can't see the future."\line Py-Doubtful.\line R"The legate is going to resurrect the Eater of Souls."\line R-"Let me guess, the Starkatteri were going to rule the world, right?"\line Ravi looks at the party. Damn, it's Nightseer's routine, just a different audience.\line R-"You don't have to be that audience."\line Py-"Atropos... I'm seeing a gap in the shadows... but I don't know why?"\line\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Hush, Pythia,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she growled, regarding me. At least the icy spears had stopped growing. \f1\ldblquote\f0 My\par
people have never loved the Eater of Souls. We sought to use him for our own empowerment, for he is a \i vast \i0 source of power. We summoned a star once at his direction, and the reaction nearly broke the world in two. At the last moment, my ancestors broke the ritual, letting the star escape. But the devastation was complete enough to eradicate our empire from the earth. We are born with this brand as a reminder of that folly.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She gestured at the orbital markings on her face.\line\line Ravi- She can see the future right? Can she any future that is where all of you get what you were promised?\line\line Eyes on pythia-\line "Just because I haven't seen it... there are always shadows... It doesn't mean it's not there..."\line\line Any ice spells flutter into snow.\par
\line One of the elves.\line "you... aren't copies... are you? YOU'RE THEM. THE PLAYERS. THE GAMBLERS.\line You're supposed to be dead..."\line\line "yeah, we're really bad at that."\par
\par
Has amadi said anything about what you're going to be doing in the future? any real plans?\line "i suppose not"\line\line It would have been nice to not see my tribe go extinct.\line Erydale, Scylla, Pythia, let's go.\line\line Wait! ravi addresses them. "You need to tell the other elves. we need more help. We need them to know the legate is serving the eater"\line "Tell them? I'm not sure if you noticed, but our tribe is cursed, we wear it on our faces."\line\line If they aren't given good reason, ravi will suggest they find Lancer, Sekashi, or Xanthe. Maybe they can help.\line\line "We will think about it, but for now we will retreat and consult the stars."\line\line\i one more thing\i0  - tumeaux asks why the eater doesn't consume souls.\line It only eats star souls, it wants mortal souls to audience it, and sing it's praises for eternity.\par
\line\b The Starkatteri begin to leave\par
\par
\b0 There is a rustling in the ceiling. The kenku mage "flicker" is investigating.\line He tosses a note to the party. He insistently wants them to read it out loud.\line "Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim."\line He then speaks in broken common for the next hour using this persons voice.\line "Halps meh phenk"\line\line\b IN THE ROOM\line\b0 Within the center, in the storage room, is a collection of elven engineers.\line They all have blue and green face markings.\line Many are wearing engineering equipment.\line "Can you delay a launch? Vent fuel or something?" Tumeaux will ask.\line "are you trying to kill us all?" Cerynitis replies.\line "Congratulations, you're the leader."\line\line "Listen, we need to get out there. I need us on that fancy rocket. Tell me how to do that."\line hesitation.\line "worst case we start breaking things"\line No! It's a miracle we kept this place together this long. Hoping to escape to the lunar palace... underground for centuries. Half these rockets are barely restored museum pieces, maybe they launch, but they might not even make it there. You start venting, and the systems to do so safely might not work.\line "Can you slow things down somehow?"\line We can stop the 4, but not the one in the middle (ess a1, MTRpg engines). He gestures to clocks frozen at 1 minute.\line It's the finest... and already detached... it doesn't need the tower. the tower isn't sturdy enough to be a problem if it does launch. It can land and leave pretty much anywhere it wants.\line\line\par
\par
The party enters the control room. They hear a brood talk "We require reinforcements."\line Ravi panics. They're talking... brood haven't talked before.\line "expedite."\line\b Run the last encounter of the interior\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\highlight6\fs28 5. Rockets, elves, betrayals.\line {\highlight0\b0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\highlight0\b0\f0\fs22\lang1033  , "tomorrow" page 2507\par
\b\lang9 Glory takes control of the command center\b0 .\line\line "be careful, there are shields that activate prior to launch. If you get stuck inside when the rocket goes up, you'll get cooked. You'll have 10 seconds between the fields going up and the engines firing. No magic in or near them either."\line\line "I should stay. They can't keep the brood back forever, I could do it." Tumeaux says.\line "No, you couldn't get back in time. I've got a good weapon strong enough to stop them. I might not be antigra anymore, but I can still reach you in a minute.\line Plus, if you want to launch another rocket, someone needs to be here to push the button. \line "Tomorrow. we'll figure everything out tomorrow. Until then, do what you do best. Go."\line They hug "Hurry, you don't want to miss your flight."\line\line As the party heads for the sealed doors, and is crossing the field to the rockets.\line Boo is here, she has fallen off the Persistence.\line "Boo. I have a special mission for you. Do you feel up to it?"\line Boo is serious.\line "I need you to find big daddy, or Lancer, or Ianren. Tell them a balefire missile is aimed at this place. They need to be ready to pull back as quickly as they can. We're here. I'm not sure how useful the attack is now."\line\line "yer sending me away again,"\line "Because you're the only one that can make it. You're lucky, quick, and quiet.\line He scribbles a note and puts it in her saddlebag.\line "Balefire bomb targeting center. Get out. Do better. Ravi."\line If they don't think that's mine, well, not much I can do about that.\line\line\line\highlight1\b Legate and Glory, encounter page\highlight0\b0\lang1033\par
\line\b\fs36\lang9\par
\highlight5 6.Arrival at the lunar palace\highlight0\line\fs22 During the trip the party is given threat sensors.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/BTmFltYlO4w }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/BTmFltYlO4w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 Former friends\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Last reuinion\par
\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-LLIVyXUeNg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-LLIVyXUeNg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  into darkness\b\line\b0 You step out of the vessel, into the glass antechamber. Soft lunar soil piled outside, you can see nightseer's rocket nearby yours on the same pad, an adjacent docking door feet away from the one you exited.\line Signs warn in various areas as you walk the corridors "Caution : weight decrease".\line You approach a lit doorway, ans ascend clean stairs.\line "Welcome Queen Selena!" a banner across a large lobby declares.\line The architecture flawless, sets of large windows purchase a view of the lunar landscape beyond. Reminiscent of the view from the Redoubt.\line The hallway turns at the end, there is a sign nearby. "To Astrovault", "To Lunar Palace".\line Below the signs, was a threat.\line It walked forward, casually, footfalls heavy on the soft carpet. It walked without fear, with confidence, with certainty.\line After all, what did a griffon who could never die, have to fear?\line "Hey guys, long time no see. You're looking good." Slaughter says casually. \line The blades of his armor gleaming in the moonlight like cold stars.\line "Fraid I have to kill you now."\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Fw2M0k-teAI }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Fw2M0k-teAI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - denouemont\line Once you met a griffon. He landed on a threat in a farmfield. Rude, assertive, and fearless. One of the deadliest fighters.\line You'd rescued him from the nightmarish fate of being a ceaselessly conscious meal for cannibals. Over time, you had become friends. He mocked you, questioned you, and even looked up to you on occasion.\line Maybe you could have killed him if you really tried. Give him the peace that life had denied him. But, Ravi had refused, and your efforts were spent elsewhere.\line He was certain all of you thought life was always better.  And so, he betrayed you for the promise of an end, only for it to be denied again. This griffon was cursed with life.\line Slaughter.\line\line "kill you" he mutters.\line Slaughter would have preferred subdue.\line\line He looks at the party, and tries to make fun about them being on the moon, its' cool.\line "What happened to all of you, did Taran botch some mind magic or something? And where's glory? back in the rocket? And boo?"\line\line R: Boo's fine, glory didn't make it.\line S: you shitting me? you left her behind?! fuck, she loves you dude.\line R; she's dead\line S; oh, im... damn.. im so sorry.-- his voice is oddly sincere.\line R: good to see you, alive. Nightseer put your death off till later?\line S: yeah, big plans and all, i give her a week then rip her head off. She either eradicates me, or she'll get what she deserves and im no worse off.\par
S: she said you'd say that.\par
Slaughter's talking with the party because he missed them. But they won't give him what he needs.\line Nightseer's his best chance to check out, and Ravi won't do it.\line "That's right, because I know who you are. Ares."\line\line Slaughter makes fun of the name.\line And how can I see it? he insists. \line And while I watch it, you'll just sit here?\line\line "shut it, get back in your rocket, and get gone. i'll kill nightseer. I don't want her to kill you three anyway. well, maybe X, because they're being a jackass"\line\line Former friends - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/BTmFltYlO4w }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/BTmFltYlO4w\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Last reunion - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Ravi: Who was it that betrayed me, slaughter? Was it that "angel of death?" No, im sure they don't want to stop killing things, giving peace.\line Slaughter lowers to the ground, legs flexing like a 500lb steel cat.\line How about the doc? Was it one of the others selling out their friends? Maybe that crazy orange-eyed pegasus in there? She was a worthless motherf-\line\line Slaughter bolts at Ravi. \line Ravi's muscles flicker with golden magic. He strikes slaughter with unexpected force. It halts the griffon's momentum. Slaughter however will try to grapple ravi, breaking bones, if he can't get a wide swipe.\line\line He will fly up walls, etc. gracefully, and heavily.\line Tum: Go ahead, make us suck vacuum, I always wanted a death you couldn't get back home!\par
"Give it up slaughter! fast as you are, you can't teleport!"\line "I'll fucking kill you X!"\par
\par
\b After some fighting,\b0\line "Please..." slaughter whimpers.. "Help my little boy".\line He snaps back and uses the moment.\line\line\b After more,\b0\line There is a sound like cracking ice, a window is damaged. \line The party and (at least) ravi are pulled out of the window.\par
They fall in the moondust, bodies tingle, they hear a wonderful song, and are inclined to sleep.\line Consciousness falls in 2 rounds here.\line\cf7 Get up.\line Get up!\line\b they see the planet above, it screams, bleeding, dying.\line\b0 Will you leave its fate uncertain? Will you leave the fates of your friends for others to decide?\line Where this is will, there is hope\line Where there is hope, there is action\line Where there is action, there is possibility.\line\b Tom will use the moonstone to allow a single teleport. by any partymember. Even teaching them fireflash to do so.\b0\line\line\cf2 Where's slaughter? tumeaux or tapa ask. Perc can see slaughter approaching\line The window explodes inward. A steel shutter slams down\cf0\par
"Ares this." slaughter begins to crush ravi.\line 2551\line "No, \i THIS\i0  is ares."\line Ravi blasts the memory into slaughter, augmented by moonstone.\line You can all feel the tingle of energy in the air as the moonstone around ravi begins to sparkle.\line You see the image of the memory earlier as illusory ghosts in your mind. Slaughter recoils as if seeing them much more vividly.\line "Mommy! You need a doctor!" He yells.\line The scene of slaughter killing the child at the bridge in Camp Hollow plays in similar illusions as the others fade.\line\line Slaughter recoils, he remembers killing the child in camp hollow. Ravi shows him the memory\line (she wanted to live... mommies die for their babies.. but I didn't I killed my baby. Priest, I killed her. I'm so sorry mommy. I am so sorry.)\line "Shh.. it's okay ares." Ravi cradles Slaughter's large head.\line "Don't call me that. I'm not ares anymore."\line\b Ravi has a plan, he wants to confront the angel.\b0\line Slaughter looks up morosely. "She wanted me to live..."\line "She wants ME to live... but how can I? I killed my own baby. I. I murdered my own daughter at camp hollow. How do i come back from that?\line Ravi hugs slaughter.\line "I need your help."\line "we need to save the world."\line\cf8\b\fs32 No. We need to give it peace!\cf2\line\fs22\line\b0 Ravi knocks slaughter away. "Found you."\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-LLIVyXUeNg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-LLIVyXUeNg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Intro to darkness\line The party may fight slaughter again. here.\line slaughter's eyes, vacant eyes, like the corpse of a dead star.\line "You want peace!? HAVE IT!"\line\cf0\line\b The moonstone on ravi shimmers and the whole party is taken into slaughter's mindscape\b0\line They fight as burning conviction, and encounter nightshade in a few battles.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/7Tr2J3d8xOg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/7Tr2J3d8xOg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Maelstrom, as nightshade is revealed.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/JdlG4_GYBkI }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/JdlG4_GYBkI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Guilt, as the battle rolls.\line\line The nightshade encounter begins with her at her peak of power. In her worship chamber. A thunderous banging outside.\line Several illusory cultists running inside, some with frostbite so severe it resembles acute burns.\line Many of them collapse, and moaning in pain, agony, only to fade away and be replaced by another.\line "The world suffered, it still does, it must be ended. Hope is a parasite, fostering the pain so it may live within its' host for ages."\line Eventually the shadowy doorway, and cultists begin to burn away in a holy fire.\line\line The next illusion to happen is the sound of water dripping. Illusory and shadowy cultists worship the dragon. A stone ceiling like that of a large moldy sewer propagates overhead. Pools of diseased acrid water form on the edges of the area.\line "Yes! I am Nightshade! The all powerful! Soon I will... I... what happened after..."\line "No! I will remain! My duty is sacred!"\line A burst of sparkling holy light fills the chamber. The cultists unnoticing evaporate away into sparkling motes of green and gold.\line Insight : Nightshade is forgetting. She is distraught. Her intentions have not changed.\line\line\line No more illusions fill the room. The party may incapacitate nightshade now.\line "I am... my name is..."\line In a whisp of unfelt air, the dragon whisps into golden ashes. Its' face uncertain, pained, and tired.\line\line The party begins to be pulled from the mindscape.\cf2\line slaughter's eyes, vacant eyes, like the corpse of a dead star.\line "You want peace!? HAVE IT"\line Every slimy acidic poisonous thought, you pull, ravi tears, you rip, ravi eradicates. With ferocity that outpaces the ruin of any balefire explosion.\line You tear every last bit of nightshade the black dragon, to splinters.\line Slaughter's eyes fill with a vivid white, the hands of every caster involved burn with an inky black sear.\line\line Radiarc - once - {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/nfENZmqYJMg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/nfENZmqYJMg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
"i think it worked"\line Was it supposed to give me a headache and make me feel like crap? Bravo.\par
"I went after that thing that killed Hope slaughter, the thing that took your daughter."\line My mom would be so disappointed. \line You didn't kill your kid ravi!\line "I did kill a few hundred pegasi though, and a city.\line\line "old times"\line "i still want to die" he says with a pout.\line "i know"\line\line "but nightseer isn't actually going to kill me, is she?"\line "probably not, she wont throw a tool away."\line -- what I did.. what she did for me.. it hurts. I'm so angry it hurts. And I can't make it stop -- he says.\line "I know, but we can after we save the world."\line Promise?\line I promise.\line\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/_PegRzLfQxY }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/_PegRzLfQxY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - That Spark\line\line\cf1\highlight2\fs56 "lets do this"\cf2\highlight0\fs22\line\line\cf0\par

\pard\b 7. The templar vault. The tram.\line\line The party finds they can hear ravi if he thinks effortfully.\b0\line The moonstone problem works one-way.\line\line\b The tram stops at a station halfway, "Connecting power to lunar palance" \b0  a voice says.\par
They are in front of the templar vault. These highly sentient blanks will address their medical problems, they note the moonstone poisoning, it is acute in ravi.\line "I shoulda been dead four months ago. I've got a body to get back."\line Anyone can fall victim to illusions, and cardiac arrest while poisoned.\b\line\line\b0 As the party rides the tram to the center, the ring of winter becomes ill.\line "Hey, kid, kill my brother for me, ok?"\line "Someone here doesn't... like me..."\line "I'm gonna make my exit".\line The ring bursts into ice. In it's place, is a small necklace of ever moving icy veins.\line The necklace provides immunity to cold, petrification, and charm. You can willfully turn any damage you deal into cold damage as a bonus action.\par
\par
Slaughter knows who else came. \line "She brought the worst. A gunslinger. A weird tree guy, and a harbinger psion."\par
\fs36\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b 7.1 Encounter with Tom, Death of Nightseer.\line\highlight6\fs22 RUN THE NIGHTSEER AND TOM ENCOUNTER\highlight0\line Tom- \b0  Ether, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Nightseer - formidable {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/ttQ_Fb7hjC8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/ttQ_Fb7hjC8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  \line\line\b Only cantrips can be cast without an arcana DC of 25 to filter the moonstone noise.\line A sawblade from the planet will blast through a window during the slaughter encounter, pulling a partymember and slaughter outside.\par
\b0\lang9\par
\b\par
7.2- Tumeaux dies, Slaughter suffers.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/mWyUdr9bvuA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/mWyUdr9bvuA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Another world\b0  - Tumeaux\par
\par
\b\par
8. Escaping the Lunar Palace\line\b0 The launch kicks up so much raw energy and moonstone that teleportation isn't possible\line Slaughter's loyalty, Tumeaux's sacrifice.\line\line The party's tram on escape is bombarded by debris. The party can deflect these. Eventually their progress is stopped.\line Leaving a friend in solitude - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/3sC3bjZwzzg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/3sC3bjZwzzg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Slaughter, tears boiling from his face, his eyes clenched shut, flaky copper around his eyelids, pushes the car.\par
\par
\b\par

\pard\fs44 9. Watching back home.\line\line\b0\fs24 The first body listened to is glory.\line 2665, Beep.\b\fs44\par
\fs22\par
\b0 Lintle is overrun. The small wooden pallisades have toppled, some of the houses knocked off their posts.\line The dwarven templar looks to the sky. He hears a voice as he sees more in the town dying.\line "Who are you?..." he says\line "Can you help me?" he isn't speaking to anyone.\line "It's not fair... We just want to live."\line You hear the voice this time.\line "Wishing is a start. But if you want life, you must make it so."\line\line The templar begins to stand. "Hell of a price."\line He sees Amadi, the legate, entering the city. A compliment of brood walk near him, they are protected by thick magical barriers.\line He turns to the templar, and something actually makes him slow.\par
\par
There is a belching of smoke overhead.\line A splash of something large, leaving the water.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/xKElk2xcOlU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/xKElk2xcOlU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Lyrish\b\par
\b0\line\line The Persistence, blackened, battered, flies into the village. It turns about hard, the area filled with smoke.\line Less than a dozen people leap from the vessel, some pegasi, flying. Screaming.\line\line One pegasus in particular. Gray wings, and a bubbling of dragonfire around his hooves, gray mithril helmet on his head. Sky striker leads a charge of the few onboard.\line "For Aethus!"\line He confronts the legate in a single quick passing, striking him with blades on his wings. the brood fire on him, but he's quick enough to flip overhead and hide behind the Persistence.\line\par
As quick as it arrived, the Persistence begins to rise, it's armor heated, damaged.\par
\par
A black dragonborn braces the stunned dwarven templar suddenly, before hurling him onto the deck above, grabbing a rope himself.\line "Cmon you sorry gits, you need to get south!\line\line\b\line\highlight1 Hades Marrys whisper and stygius on the battlefield. They are both given moonstone earrings. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4\ul0\cf0}}}}\highlight0\b0\f0\fs22\line She's so happy she begins to sing. He song reaches out to everyone fighting, unifying them. Flashers, and Pecos, break out in accompanying song. Their arrows, bullets, and blasts becoming coordinated sheets of fire.\line The pair of Stygius and Whisper fly through the field, bullets fade to the buzzing of bees as the pass.\line\i No one\rquote s luckier than I\par
My happy heart inside is riding high\par
I\rquote ll tell the sun and moon\par
That the world is in tune\par
And my friends can all sing and laugh and cry\line For I\rquote m in love, and I know I\rquote m loved in turn\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 My friends below can see how I yearn\i0\line\i For the day he takes me in his wings\line Where I will laugh with the gift love brings\line I don\rquote t mind telling you\line That I know that it\rquote s true\line There is no one who\rquote s happier than I.\par
\i0 time slows with the pair in an upward spiral, Stygius' eyes go wide. He flips around her, and wraps his limbs about. They are knocked into a harsh spin. They fall, Stygius wings can't keep him aloft. A tiny smile rises to his blood slick lips as he forms the shape of three little words.\line Then he fell, blood glimmering like a rain in a crimson halo around him.\line No music. No sound.\par
The legate, leathery cushion underneath half his now broken dragonskull not hiding his angered eyes, hands a brood soldier at his side.\line Over one of his shoulders, goldenblood's upper body slumped.\line "Silence." he said.\par
The brood surround Whisper on the ground below, kneeled by Stygius. She began to sing again, barely above a whisper.\line A barrel pressed against her forehead.\line "shhh" the brood said all as one. Except for a few who wore confused frowns as they watched.\line A crack splits the air. Hot dust swirls around her.\line A glowing pile of red embers settles down before her.\line A black sphere of death arrives nearby, black shards of crystal erupt from the ground, threatening all of the brood.\line Several bullets hit Whisper, through her wing, her hip, her thigh.\line Before more can hit, a shield of moonlight appears around her and stygius.\line "Oh no... Stygius is dead!" Tenebra says, her family arriving in the shield.\line "MY SON!"\line An ebony onslaught of shadowy serpents emanates from hades. Wherever they touch, flesh failed, metal corroded, and brick crumbled.\line The legate, eyes wide, winks away in a teleport with a pair of pale aasimar nearby him.\par
Hades collapses, exhausted. A high price.\line Whisper gazes at stygius.\par

\pard Why couldn\f1\rquote\f0 t he just live? Why the fuck does everyone keep dying on me? \line\f1\ldblquote\f0 I don\f1\rquote\f0 t know,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Persephone answered softly, \line More bullets and explosions to the south. \line\lang1033 Whisper wipes blood from her face with a shaky talon.\line "\lang9 How... why... what the fuck am I supposed to do? All I wanted was to be fucking happy! Why can\f1\rquote\f0 t I just have that! Just... have it?\f1\rdblquote\f0  She slumped. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Fuck... I don\f1\rquote\f0 t even want to fight anymore. I just... fuck.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
Persephone put her wingtip under Whisper\f1\rquote\f0 s chin and lifted her face until their eyes met.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 There\f1\rquote\f0 s no need for... for dramatics dear,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she said in a voice as brittle as glass. \f1\ldblquote\f0 The time for\par
weeping will come later. You haven\f1\rquote\f0 t lost everything. You still have us.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 You are still a part of us, no matter what\f1\rquote\f0 s happened.\f1\rdblquote\f0  \line\f1\ldblquote\f0 You might have a long way to go, my child, and your language desperately needs some\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 refinement, but we will not forsake you. You\f1\rquote\f0 re a part of our family.\f1\rdblquote\f0\line\highlight1\lang1033 She clips the bloody moonstone earring from stygius onto Whisper's unadorned ear.\lang9\par
\highlight0\par
\i\par
\b\i0 The traveler flies the Castellanus.\line\b0 The traveler rounds the corner of a hall into the bridge of the Castellanus. A number of cables run to the captain's seat, where General Stormchaser sits. Before her, dozens of boxes. \line "That's it, I have attitude control now. The reactor's starting to overheat. Everyone else out. You have two minutes to get your feathers off this ship."\line The traveler peeks into a box, and sees dozens of small explosives, and a pair of balefire bombs.\line "I came as soon as I saw the tempest. We got a report all the bunkers were down. Survivors are being evacuated to the arena."\line He looks at the boxes.\line "you're turning the Castellanus into a fireship?"\line "That's the idea"\line "and since you don't have the fifteen minutes to repair targeting, you're flying over yourself, aren't you?"\line --it's my responsibility-- she tersely replies.\line "You're the only one with strategic leadership experience left. \line --I'm not sure how much my leadership is worth, I made a critical mistake and underestimated my enemy, we lost goldenblood, and the tempest is taking control of the drylands.--\line "your plan met the enemy and fell apart, he learned some tricks, and pulled a trump card. You're doing what a general needs to do."\line --It's not good enough! They need a leader like you! The reef failed. I failed!-- stormchaser cries in tears.\line "Like me?"\line --You  can do anything!--\line "yeah, I am pretty awesome."\line "They don't need a leader from the past though, they need someone they can trust, someone to take them forward. Someone they know."\line --I'm not sure I can save them--\line "me either, we're outnumbered 20 to 1. We've cut off reinforcements, but there's a whole lot left, and we need someone to pull things together really quick like."\line "and because I really don't want to argue"\line The traveler strikes stormchaser with the control helmet of the castellanus, and addresses another pegasus to take her to safety.\line He looks at the dazed stormchaser.\line "Do awesomer than me. Reestablish lines. Don't give up. not on anyone, not on yourself."\line The general's angry eyes soften a little, as she is dragged out of the room.\line\line\b Been a while\b0  the traveler says as he takes the controls. The cloudship bounces and shudders upward.\line "okay.. activate infracells... get up you damned infracells!"\line "Lets go castellanus!"\line The ship groans and shrieks, vibrating plates of metal on deck, and shaking boxes of munitions within.\line The cloudship looks up into the blue sky above.\line "it's about time I joined you guys."\line He says in some mock voices. "it'll be fun!, we'll all have our own domains! I'll be the domain of parties!"\line Back in his normal voice "But keith, you're already the god of chaos and travel"\line in his fun voice. "But think about it raven! you could be the god of flying! or weather!"\par
The flame tempest below turns it's scowling face to the heavens, a vibrant skull-talisman glowing within.\line "Shoulda focused better, stopped the templar from making those damn spells. Shoulda pulled eventide outta her notes. Shoulda done a lot."\line Black tarlike ichor falls from the ceiling between his brows as the engines scream and tear themselves apart as they near the tempest.\line "hold it together just a little long you glorious old bird. We're going someplace new"\line "I remember when you came off the lines. EAF-009. First one rigged for command. Aasimar magic, dwarven engineering, elven design, and pegasi construction."\line\line The tempest swung a claw at the cloudship. - Roll a d100 -\line Too slow!\line Roll another d100\line The other claw slashes, the traveler mashes the throttle and the engines die from the strain. It falls under the other gargantuan claw. The engines reignite.\line Still too slow!\line\line The growing whine of air increases during the dive, the bulging eyes of the fiery tornado look up at the ship.\line The ordinance within drifts up to the wall behind him.\line The Castellanus disappears into the whirling fire.\line The front of the bridge explodes inwards towards him. A small talisman embeddes itself in the traveler's chest.\line "Hey raven, this'll be a good song.\line I'll call it the travelers-"\line\line The memory explodes in a vibrant green and rainbow colored flash and an echoing stringlike sound like a lute strummed in fury and relief.\line\line\b\par
\par
\b0\line "Cmon you old bucket, I remember helping them make you, you've got most of those pieces left."\line A pair of balefire bombs sits in a box next to him. Stormchaser salutes him\par
\b Camp Hollow is overrun - 2649\line\b0 Smoke, and injured defenders lay about.\line Charity leans against a wall, a worn shotgun by her side a broken nose, and an unconscious friend at her feet.\line "Oh dear" croaks a voice, as a tall woman approaches her, Charity's vision blurred.\line "This won't do at all. I should call the royal guard. Beating up a child? Have they no shame?\line Charity mumbles as she bows her head.\line "Dake your kids to the bountains lady."\line Ausalis - "Oh, I couldn't do that, darling. You need help. You know, I think those fellows are up to no good. Someone should tell them to behave." She walks to the end of a stockade walls of camp hollow.\line "wudderyu gonna doh?"\line "What I've always done. Take care of little things."\line The woman launches herself over the barricade. "No!"\line "Miss charity? what is she doing?" The warrior at her feet heaves.\line "Buying us time so we don't all die on this wall."\line\line There is a call to retreat to the chapel. less than 70 survivors remain. Halfhearts, volunteers, some archers.\line A small scaled creature grasps charity and her friend as she is quickly whisked away.\line "We go!"\line "NO! Damn it! Go back! I can't pay her back for this if she's dead!"\line "I HATE OWING THINGS!"\line\line Before they make it to the chapel, a blast of lightning incapacitates her aid.\line The brood walk past, ignoring her.\line She stands up. "buy some time."\line "Hey! You! You owe the camp and associated inhabitants damages for bodily, material, and emotional harm! I'm going to sue the flux off your asses!"\line The brood didn't attack, even though there were enough to turn her to red foam.\line "Tell the others to flee" a harbinger among the brood murmurs.\line "flee to morlin."\line -- You want us... in there?\line "time is passing. it won't be long, go."\line -- i'd rather die.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/jWObTfiovD8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/jWObTfiovD8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - celtic battle\line A whirling hurricane of stone and brick vanishes the brood into a cloud of metal, and bone. \line A collection of armed soldiers makes their way through the village. Some with templar coloration. Some with a wholly different emblem not of this continent.\line\line The man in front of them, the caster of the spell that decimated the brood, walks past.\line A shroud of swirling rock protecting him.\line Bracers emblazoned in fire, and a surefooted stride present a warrior of magic. A sword emerges from a staff-like sheath, and begins to ripple with elemental energies.\line Another blast with force like the hands of a titan echoes forward as he swings, and the brood are decimated again.\line The mayhen is squared, and battle erupts anew.\line The stranger sheathes his blade, as a shroud of shadow forms over the trio. He offers charity a hand. His black-dragon vest and blonde hair now visible to her blurred vision. The templar guy?\line "It's a shame grandpa couldn't get here himself, is it not queenie? I supposed his army is enough for now." He asks the woman with her long blue hair as she casually maintains a potent shadowy barrier.\line The woman replies, tersely. "Yes... I feel as if he is somehow involved in the theft of my crown."\par
There is a brutal sound from the east, everyone startles, as the sound of strained stone suddenly freeing, as if a mountain collapsing suddenly echoes.\line It's followed, by a low, but quickly rising scream.\line Animals begin to fall from trees, patches of grass die, and the most injured suddenly perish.\par
\par
\highlight1\b Ronaug to the Space center, legate encounter in the city.\line As the ronaug memory ends in teleportation. A profound scream of enervation wracks the countryside.\line Briefly, the party sees the world through everyone's eyes, good, evil, healthy, injured, dying.\line Many of those asleep, or dying and not protected otherwise perish in the brutal wave. Even those hundred's of miles away.\line This include's taran's clone.\highlight0\line\b0 Goldenblood regrets not listening to glory better.\line If she can hold on until she gets back and tell them...\line\line Ravi is elated... Glory is alive!\line The first thing he does is find her.\line\par
}
 