{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green107\blue134;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green158\blue194;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 play 13\par
\par
\par
Flashers now reside in riverton\par
\par
\par
e\highlight1 ncounter with amadi and lancer\par
Ravi has to have immediate surgery to remove a tumor from his eyesocket, he has cancers.\par
Twister and Crumpets see harbinger scouts, someone should lead them away until the operation is over.\line Gang encounter\line\highlight0\line\highlight1 (flying back, begin the castellanus encounter)\par
Pegasus arc (castellanus)\par
the SPP must be explained.\line\b End of the pegasus arc, time passes. \b0 BGM {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\highlight0\line\highlight1\b Run ravi's prologue, then show the time montage.\b0\line\highlight0\line\highlight1\b Encounter with Dawn and Lighthooves.\b0\par
\b Encounter with Nightseer and lighthooves\b0 , \b the dusk of Dawn, the rise of Grace. \b0 And a snipped thread.\line After nightseer takes ravi's improved body, she also absorbs Selena's soul from the ritual chamber.\line Ravi's mind and soul are put into the soul of a blank, nightseer's fair exchange for him activating New Dawn. She elaborates on how she won't see morlin destroyed. The city has shown her a means by which to alter the course, and capture the projectile. She intends to use the moonstone to power the Sibl, and bring about her reinaissance.\line The party in stasis is destroyed by X?\line Before that, discord's last prank, is to put them into a group of blank clones.\par
\b Escape from Morlin\b0\par
\b The lunar palace, ravi gets his sword, and his ancestry. \b0 And a little gold blood.\line Vigilance, is the weapon wielded by Selena if she ever met the front lines of war.\line It is a bastard sword, with inbuilt magic bullet.\b\line\b0 The hilt of Vigilance.\line Raven\line Ires\line Luna\line Vyun Tarot\line Justice Tarot\line Marigold Alabaster\line Caelus Alabaster (Ravi)\par
The party must pass goldenblood's interrogation puzzles, and cognitum.\line Ravi asks him to be executed by his own freedom.\line Cognitum's simulations of death by new dawn do not cause psychological pain.\line "It's appropriate , he can't be executed properly here, he wants the deaths you can give. Throw him out to the world, where he can die in a nondescript hole, or to one of his creations."\line "I'm killing him with the kindness of freedom"\line >This raises goldenblood's anxiety to all-time-high levels.\par
\highlight0\par
\highlight1 The party must fight hades to escape. Ravi kicks his crown into an oblivion sphere. The crown was the keystone out. p2385. this brings the lunar palace into the real world.\line\par
Travel back home.\line -The tempest yells from across whitefield, it seems to have become sentient. It inhibits any magic with a target further than a mile away, and fizzles spells under 4th level. It resides on a tree bunker\line Good time to bring up how the elves got megaspells themselves, from the MoP administrator. (GB speculates this)\highlight0\line\highlight1 -encounter with Ravi, where Psalm pulls the trigger on his previous attacker for him.\line -Ravi wants to return to his village, see his mom. There are frequent western attacks on camp hollow of raiders.\line -encounter where dawn has lain an ambush underground for ravi\line -Ravi and glory have a falling out, where ravi makes a joke about "I couldn't be seen with a horse".\par
Plan against the legate and nightseer, the final battle begins. Bunkers, the Brood, and the Heroes.\line Stygius dies saving psycho, whisper.\par
To the space center, 4 rockets, one legate. Glory saves the day by staying in the terminal.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , "tomorrow" page 2507\line Tapa, Tumeaux, Ravi, and the party, ascend to the stars.\line\i DURING the trip\i0\line Pythia encounter, the legate, sekashi, and ronaug in morlin under the celestial megaspell.\line THe party witnesses goldenblood's death, he asks for someone to tell ravi he did better, and regrets not listening to glory (if she can hold on until after they get back and tell them-)\line The traveler slays the tempest. "Hey raven, I call this one the travele-"\par

\pard\highlight0\b A rampage on the moon, slaughter, nightseer, Tom, and a Bastard.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/3k7kzaj3mp0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/3k7kzaj3mp0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Iteration into Radiarc : Alpha {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HkSVtu_vuOQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HkSVtu_vuOQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\highlight1\b0 Slaughter fights the party here. \line To win, the party must purge the angel of death "nightshade" from his thoughts, by burning it out with condemnation. "I have this fucking angel of death in my thoughts, and I don't even know if I'm real, I just want to die, to end this fucking story, and she promised me to do it if I stop you."\line They must also convince slaughter that he actually exists. This can be done by exposing him to proof from the spitfire and slaughter memory orb.\line During the encounter, it's very easy to get pulled outside into the moondust. Any person who does must re-enter, but gains telepathy to the entire party with effortful thought.\line (Ravi can do this to solve the puzzle of slaughter, "forcing a hand")\line\highlight0\line\highlight1 As the party rides the tram to the center, the ring of winter becomes ill.\line "Hey, kid, kill my brother for me, ok?"\line "Someone here doesn't... like me..."\line "I'm gonna make my exit".\line The ring bursts into ice. In it's place, is a small necklace of ever moving icy veins.\line The necklace provides immunity to cold, petrification, and charm. You can willfully turn any damage you deal into cold damage as a bonus action.\par
\highlight0\b\line\highlight1\b0 The chamber nightseer enters, has a very obviously placed throne within. There are fade shields in a cylinder surrounding the throne area, though they are not active. The throne is placed right over the projectile. It seems as if when activated it would trap the occupant in the firing chamber.\highlight0\line\highlight1 Intelligence rolls to see if people see it as a command center, or a trap goldenblood set for selena.\par
\highlight0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/ttQ_Fb7hjC8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/ttQ_Fb7hjC8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Formidable\line\line\highlight1 The party must fight to nightseer, she blasts them into the catwalks below, wires and all, above the pit. This is where the party first encounters Tom.\line A rocket disrupts that, as New Dawn, nears firing.\line Tumeaux finds a control, and keeps delaying the spell.\line "Refresh, recharge, pause, discharge, cool"\line\highlight0\b\line\highlight1\b0 Ravi incapacitates nightseer with his shields , and a silver bullet from rain.\line From her body, emerges the soul of Selena. The immediate area is thrust into a dreamscape.\line it initially starts as nightmares of wrongs the players have chosen.\line The black and purple aasimar queen selena is sitting in it holding her head, crying.\line The environment flashes from the warfields, to the pink cloud in morlin.\line\line "I know people whose mistakes have killed millions..." Ravi whispers.\line Then to Nightseer using her soul's tremendous power to slay numerous enemies, her magic to observe the party.\line "I was the little sister. I had to be better than her. I could have stepped aside."\line "I... I renewed a war with the elves... It all went so wrong, millions died."\line Ravi approaches her.\line "Hey.. I know a lot of what you've done. You made mistakes, me too. I don't know if we'll ever be forgiven... but...\line >I ordered the deaths of millions, and caused the death of tens of millions of elves over the war.\line >No matter how you regard it. I am evil.\line\highlight0\line\highlight1 The dream shifts, showing psalm at an orphanage, and Selena helping children with their nightmares with her magic.\line "Psalm... I'm so sorry."\line I know you're a good person, even if you don't think you are"\line The nightmares fade. you find yourself sitting in a dream of ankle-deep slightly cool water.\line "You're a good person too... Ravi. Even if you don't think you are."\line She then asks.. "what do we do now?"\line\line As the two begin to speak, a circle of water surrounding them begins to light, as if starry moonlight.\line All shapes and forms slip away from the dream, until souls remain.\line\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 We do everything we can to make up for it, knowing that we\f1\rquote\f0 ll never\par
succeed in getting rid of the guilt. We devote ourselves to spending every second trying to do better\par
despite the fact that it will never be enough. And we pray with every single good act we do that\par
somehow, when our lives are over, that our lifetimes will come close to making up for the wrong we\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 committed.\f1\rdblquote\line\line\f0\lang1033 The light brightens until the darkness is no more. It flows through everyone, a lingering sense of power within you. The sensation of being levitated forms as you reawaken into the world.\f1\lang9\line\f0\lang1033 Selena's soul binds with Ravi, his blank body falls to the ground, and his soul nestles into the one once occupied by nightseer.\line Limbs that had been removed, are reformed, sculpted, as if by invisible hands. His hair appears briefly as shimmering field of black, and dark purple. His mechanical wings spread, brightly replaced with pristine feathers. Each white wing, with a gray symbol of a cresent moon.\line He falls to the ground, on his knees. His hands reach up, and touch his flesh and blood face.\line "Damn it ravi, you're not allowed to get any weirder! You've hit your max allotment of weirdness!"\line Ravi's blank can be retrieved, it offers a telepathic portal to anyone who touches it and focuses to see through the eyes of anyone in the material plane ravi was ever connected to.\lang9\line\highlight0\par
\b Not enough tickets for the return trip. Tumeaux and Slaughter left behind.\b0\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - tomorrow.\line "I... I think I have a problem. "\line "Think about tomorrow."\par
\fs44\par
\b Revisiting glory\b0\par
\fs22 The party re-encounters glory. \line Glory has been kept alive by Dr. Triage. \line Triage, in light of the party's accomplishments has honored Glory's wish to live until she can meet them again. \line She has balefire spellscars in her. Triage has used 3 talismans already to revive her, and sustain her. It's a brutal painful struggle triage is not comfortable with. She would rather use the resources to save a dozen others.\line\line she has crucial information about the fade shields. They need to retrieve the information from her as she dies. She wants ravi to be with her. 2711\line She reminds ravi again. "You have a heart of moonstone."\line "and what about o-" --- "They might be ok, triage performed a surrogacy spell. It's unlikely, but Grace will try her best."\line "You have to go into the fight wanting to live"\line "no more going in trying to find the next sacrifice to end a story".\line "Live ravi, live. And make it better.\par
Stop the legate, the express to hell.\par
\highlight3\fs40 Stop new Dawn\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0Y7DaQTXuEM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0Y7DaQTXuEM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs40  - The id\line\highlight0\fs22 If sidney uses the ring on the star, it will be heated, warped, freeze the eater for two rounds, and morph into a soul-less starmetal dagger +7 with 15 cold damage.\par
the eater creates fake memories for the parties to delay them. They have to find a fault in the illusion to escape.\par
Blood, Stars, and Fate.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/2frcbPMdw8I }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/2frcbPMdw8I\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Tears of the Evernight\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Qnpao2YdwwA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Qnpao2YdwwA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - From the Ashes\line Ravi's dying spell.\line Once the eater is slain, motes of souls pass the party. They are visited by Tumeaux, Lucian, Goldenblood, Stygius, Dawn, Glory (and big daddy, if applicable)\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Epilogue\b0\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Closing theme, Ether.\line OR\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Aeons\line\par
\line\cf4 Now I promise, not all of the old stories are bad. Hah.\line Some of those characters did great things. Heck, some of them are probably still around. You might even be one of them soon!\line I can think of one group though. They fought for not just life, and it's right to exist. But the chance of all life. The precious light that each little bit brings, grows. Life others might write as undeserving, or regrettable sacrifice. They fought to play out every chance, for every life they could.\par
\cf0 Camp Hollow. The wooden fenced back yard of a renaissance home. Star house. Whisper(Psycho), sits. She has a small griffon with her. It has leathery bat-like wings, and adorable fangs. It yawns as it slumbers.\line She's talking with someone, a griffon, female, orange. About how things have been peaceful since the magic knowledge of the mortals got cleaned out in the war with the eater.\line They can relearn their tools, but with the knowledge of history guiding their development better.\line The chuckle, as if a pair griffons watching the world with a wise nurturing eye, was a recent and alien idea.\cf4\line\line The lightbringer was one of them, a man who found darkness in himself, and anted up his faint flickers of light on a gamble he didn't understand. But win or lose, he nurtured those flickers, and always kept trying. He played a dangerous game without even knowing the rules.  One day he found other flickers on his trail, it wasn't just him. Sometimes his bets cost those others, and darkness crept in.\line On his trail, he lost everything, his humanity, innocence, compassion, and even his hope.\line He did everything he could to make up for it, knowing he could never succeed in getting rid of the guilt. He devoted himself to every second, trying to do better, despite that fact that it would never be enough. Praying that with every good act he did, when his life was over, he would come close to making up for the wrongs he comitted.\line\line\cf5\i A scene of a vaguely described ronaug observing brimstone falls, watching high quality living accomodations being built from a nearby hill.\line The structures quickly assemble, and spread, as decades pass. Diamond dogs joining in the community eventually.\cf4\i0\line\line He became a small but persistent beacon the others followed, without him ever knowing it. More and more followed, brighter and brighter. Sometimes they went on other trails, none bound to his choices or path.\line But all he could see, was when his mistakes stamped out those little lights, when trying to do good brought more wrong.\line Irreperable, sometimes unforgiveable.\par
\cf5 A vaguely described Taran and Sidey, appear atop the ruined shadowbolt tower over Thunderhead, The batponies and pegasi are chauffering materials to a trade hub on the surface. Several buildings constructed.\line "The ministry of arcane observance" with a plaque on it's front\line "May we learn from our past mistakes, to make our old tools anew responsibly"\line Dozens more decades pass.\i\line\cf4\i0\line One day, he paused, ruined, prepared to quit. worried his persistence was only bringing more darkness, even when he tried to do better.\line But then he realized something, it wasn't just about him.\line He didn't think things were right as they were, He couldn't quit while things were still wrong.\line He couldn't deny the chance for him to ante up, and try to do better for those other flickers, when the alternative was to accept the wrongs as they were.\line Leaving the trail would end his burden, but wouldn't undo any wrongs.\line He would never have to ante-up again, or lose, or cause any of the other flickers to lose.\line He asked himself many questions.\line "Wouldn't it be better for them?"\line "Do things look right the way they are?"\line "Can he quit while things aren't right?"\line "Can I still live for the light, when there is so much darkness?"\line\line "\cf5 Bullshit!" a man yells. at a camp. Ten or so people crowded around the fire's warming light. The boughs of the shimmerwood forest loom over them.\line Among them, a pale changeling, Pegasus, dwarf, human, and elves.\line "They died?" The youngest of the group asked, as she rested atop her mother's lap.\line "For good that time?" another said.\line "No!" the man says sarcastically. He continues "Then they came back from the dead a third time, and descended deep into the earth to stop an even bigger monster!"\line "They didn't come back! They built a tomb in Chapel, over Fenwick. You can actually go see the necklace if you want!"\line "With it's megaspell in it?"\line "No"\line "because it never existed!"\line A pegasus interjects "No, it was real. We have thorough record of the 3 in old Thunderhead, even setting off a megaspell. The Neighvarro say they did almost as much harm as good." He chuckles.\line "And beside, Tapa Scott, she witnessed what happened on the Moon. all the known details confirm her story."\i\line\line\cf4\i0 In a moment, he realized, he had been living by the misery and darkness he made, rather than living for the good.\line He wanted more good, and more light for others, and him dying would create none of that, even if it prevented darkness.\line He resolved, he couldn't judge himself on behalf of the other flickers, to condemn himself to a fate of his choosing.\line So he kept trying. He kindled the light furiously, fervently.\line Nobody knows if he ever made right for those flickers extinguished on his trail.\line But he brought light back to the world, doing better with every mistake, even if the costs were unforgiveable. He always did better, he never broke, he never quit until his unforgiveable wrongs were righted.\line\line\line\line\line forest ambience, {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/qrqzMy2gF8g }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/qrqzMy2gF8g\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line\cf5\i There is a shift change at the same camp, people return to their tents, and a boy stays out to stand guard in the night. A cloaked man from the campfire asks the lad if his weapon can deal with what's out here.\line "It's a special one sir, take a look"\line\cf0\i0 Vigilance, is the weapon wielded by Selena if she ever met the front lines of war.\line It is a bastard sword, with inbuilt magic bullet.\b\line\b0\i The hilt of Vigilance.\line Selena\line Eventide\line Fierce Moon\line Hiylin Ianren  (ancestor of the templar administrative ally)\line Percival Tenny (\line Ronald Tenny\line Marigold Alabaster\line\strike Redakaviin \strike0 Ravi\strike  \strike0 Alabaster\line Then he turned the sword over and looked down the other side\line\line Gloriav Stormchaser\line Fiery Fleetfoot\line Lauren Genkian\line Tanithil Faust\line Running Snow\line Avanyu Sharp\line\line Avanyu is shocked as the cloaked man disassembled the firing mechanism of the weapon, cleans it, and reassembles it.\line The cloaked man says "It's a nice weapon, seen a lot in the last thousand years, room for a few more names though. I'm sorry about your mother by the way, she only wanted to study and raise you"\line >Who are you?\line "Nobody important"\line "Take care of yourself, and think about it. It would be a shame if vigilance ended".\line When the boy looked back, the cloaked man was gone.\line\line\line\line\cf4\i0 ____________________________________________________________________\line\line\b\fs28 Begin good ending below only if the party bartered with the stars for help.\b0\fs22\line ____________________________________________________________________\line\cf0\i\line\line {\i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HmavpxQYbPQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HmavpxQYbPQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\i0\f0\fs22\lang1033  - aetherwake short.\i\lang9\line Hours pass, one man, a changeling, Vir, emerges from his tent.\line "Hey, where'd that other guy go?"\line  Another, a goblin in the tatters of an urchin replies as he packs his things" eh, Probably nowhere important."\line The three are startled by a vivid light of a golden shooting star in the sky.\line "Make a wish." one of them says.\line The boy with the sword replies "Nah, make a bet. Wishes won't play the game."\par
\cf4\i0\line\line The legend says, even if the light he made by the end of the trail was less than the darkness, the lights that followed him, and the good that he \i did\i0  do resonated further than he could ever know.\line But I like to think he did good by the end of it. Maybe he didn't make things right for himself, but he brought a whole lotta light into the world.\line Even if he did some bad, I think second, third, and as many chances as you can give, are more than deserved for someone like that.\line\line\i A child asks curiously.\line "What about his friends grandpa, the other lights? Doesn't he miss them?"\line\line\i0 I bet he wishes for second chances, for all of those lights. He won't ever stop missing them on his trail. But, sometimes we can't give a second chance, not even the stars.\line I hope that his friends got as many as they deserved.\par
\cf6 Can I hear another story about the lightbringer grandpa?\line Maybe someone else this time? Many heroes walk the world in grand and subtle ways. \line But it's getting late, he's probably out there, making new stories for us, we should wait for them.\cf4\line\line\line\line Lonely Breeze - {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/8-8QokkDTUg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/8-8QokkDTUg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line then forest ambience, {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/qrqzMy2gF8g }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/qrqzMy2gF8g\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line\cf5 The party regroups.\line They are going to meet boo, who is beginning to resemble the god of chaos instead of a pegasus blank.\line They meet at the graveyard near chapel every decade.\line Apparently Boo arranged a non-lethal terrorist attack at a pegasus convoy in Twin lakes, to stir up some chaos. \line This strongly upsets a woman here. A feathered woman whose harelquin headquills resemble a long flowing green and white volume of clean hair. A saber on one side.\line -\line "Look little horse. I went through a lot too. I found that darn captain whose tussels predated the titan war, and sat in that darn pegasus device until the magic wore out like a bad sail, and we had to deal with normal weather again. I've seen it undone twice you little mackrel."\line -\line "Anger and chaos are good! Chaos makes new things, and anger helps you tell others how you feel, It shouldn't be wrong to experience it, it should be communicated! If they start a new war, they need to to survive so they can learn from that mistake too."\line\line Celeano and Boo do not get along well.\line Psalm arrives. "Sorry for being late everyone, I have what you needed".\line "Hey other drinkin buddy, cheers to another 10 years of not getting immortal insane like Amadi?" - ravi greets the captain.\line\line Ravi opens a small bottle of whiskey from a far away land, it has a picture of a singed smoking tabaxi engraved.\line One for the road everyone?\line\line Psalm presents,\line A navigation talisman, and 5 air talismans\line\line Ravi creates a sphere of golden light. "45 minutes to get there, right?"\line Taran uses a modified mage-hand spell, and capt Celeano use the navigation talisman to ferry the party in the sphere to the lunar palace. with direction from the navigation talisman.\line\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - David Larsen, Ether.\line\line Landing at the platform, you survey the area. Ravi envelopes each of you in a thin barrier, each with an air talisman.\line Plains and mountains alike were cooked. Where the vault had been, some metal peeks through the glass. The dust hangs eerily in the air, not settling to the ground below.\line The chasm tom had fired from had become a shallow depression.\line\line No bodies, no signs of a mass grave.\line There are signs the vault could be used again someday. Some of the facility is intact, and power functions in some places, just turned off.\line\line As the party emerges into the open, there is a group of humans, dwarves, and elves.\line They are all shades of monochrome and metallic. All with ghostly hair that blows in a nonexistent wind.\line "can you hear me?" they nod to ravi.\line\line They lead the party to a far-away crater, stone homes built in the crater wall with glossy rock.\line The creatures here wave and are friendly to the party.\line "Nobody is going to believe this back home."\line\line The party is walked to the back of a cave in a home.\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/pN5BcTwTBSw }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/pN5BcTwTBSw\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\f0\fs22\lang1033  - Radiarc, still\cf5\lang9\line They are led to slaughter.\line Someone had made a sort of bedroom for him. crystal lamps, and a dresser. \line There, curled up, head on a pillow, was slaughter. He looked asleep, covered in a layer of dust like a blanket.\line\line His skin had darkened like tanned leather. but you can still see his stripes.\line -ravi reaches out to touch him-\line Everything not bone turns to powder like a house of cards.\line Lying in his ribs, the phoenix talisman.\line Ravi scoops it up, and turns to the exit. The moon people watch as the party leaves.\line "For all we know, slaughter was like a god of the moon to them."\line\line Ravi tears up, holding the talisman as you fly homeward.\line "I can do one more thing for him."\line Ravi pulls out an elven knife, a tiny starmetal blade.\line He cuts the talisman clean in a strike, a flash of light, and crackle of magical energy. Bisected right down the middle.\line\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/WuM924FKFKA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/WuM924FKFKA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Aetherwake main theme.\line\line Magical energy arcs over the halves of the talisman. soul motes begin to escape it. \line Rather than passing on, they surge around the talisman. The dead rock glows.\line a pink mist issues forth, and collects into a small hatchling sized shape.\line With a flash of light, the body of a young Slaughter is formed.\line\line "What.. who... how.. the rocket... but I.. you.."\line "What the fuck is going on? The last thing I remember is lying down to take a nap, and..."\line A sobbing Ravi picks him up.\line Slaughter tenses, and relaxes.\line He starts crying too.\line "Has it been a while?..."\line "Yeah... it has"\line\line Celeano looked on, enviously silent.\line Ins- She wishes for a second chance for any of her old friends too.\line\line Do you ever regret it? She asks everyone. As the world ahead of you grows closer.\line What you gave up?\line\line Ravi smiles through his tears and lies through his teeth.\line "Not a bit of it."\line\line All of you had paid the price.\line Taran, Sidney, and Ravi, would keep paying it, all the many years they have left.\line Because they could.\line Because it made things better.\line Because, as hard as things got, somebody had to.\line\line\line "So, where are we going?" Slaughter asks. Sounding like a proper child for the first time ever.\line Ravi holds slaughter in one arm, puts an arm around the captain. She pulls Sidney in, and slaughter's grabbing hands, begging for escape or otherwise, pull taran into the hug.\line "Home. we're going home."\cf0\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/_sYAZLAXRHE }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/_sYAZLAXRHE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - end of the trail\line\line\line _______________________________\line\par
}
 