{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 play 18\par
\par
1. \b The tram and the astrovault.\b0\line\line\cf1 Promise?\line I promise.\line\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/_PegRzLfQxY }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/_PegRzLfQxY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - That Spark\line\line\cf3\highlight1\fs20 "lets do this"\cf1\highlight0\fs22\line\par
\b Someone(tumeaux or ravi) asks slaughter what he might know.\line\b0 "She brought the worst, loyal, or trustable of harbingers brood or revenant. A gunslinger, Super duper psion, and that guy from your thing that did the stuff to do stuff here."\par
Wisdom/insight\line Slaughter can remember that she trapped the main tram, and that the party should go through the astrovault to get there.\line "I mean... there's gotta be a way from there, I didn't see them in moon suits when i left".\line Wisdom-\line Someone can recognize there is no power source in this building. it must come from somewhere else.\par
\b The tram - \line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/8Dwv5LWtiqs }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/8Dwv5LWtiqs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - GoE This coming storm main theme\line\b0\line -The tram is a glass card that glides along an elevated metal track in a thickly sealed tube of clear not-glass material. (ultrastrong plastic)\par
\cf0 As the party rides the tram to the center, the ring of winter becomes ill.\line "Hey, kid, kill my brother for me, ok?"\line "Someone here doesn't... like me..."\line "I'm gonna make my exit.".\line The ring bursts into ice. In the center, a pebble of cold moonstone.\line The spirit inside the ring is part of the spirit of Artus, the first star to land on the world. he defended mortal development, potentially manipulated by the Eater to spawn intelligent life so it could reach Tom.\par
Partymembers (RAVI and SIDNEY) coated in moonstone dust begin to become affected by it. Hallucinating, developing telepathing links, and cardiac arrest in the worst case.\par
Milky crystals the size of houses dot the lunar landscape, as the shiny dusty plains of the platform shrink into the distance. The tram isn't fast, but is much faster than running.\line\b Perception\b0  - There is an ethereal choire singing. It causes memories of happy moments.\line When someone pays attention to it closely, the choir fades.\par
\par
Ravi places the perceptitron on during the ride. "Gonna catch up on some things"\par
\b Moonstone poison - Con Check\b0\line DC 5 - Heavy hallucinations, extreme pain, thrashing wildly, Unconscious\line DC 10 - bleeding from mouth, ears ,inability to distinguish reality, -1 CON\line DC 15 - Nosebleed, Profound headache, unable to act for 2 rounds\line DC 20 - Mild headache, break spell focus,\line DC 25 - No symptoms\par
upon realizing it's the moonstone, slaughter \b will shake his off\b0 . "Oh yeah, i had a headache the whole time, thought it was the vaccuum."\line If slaughter's shake isn't stopped, or the party doesn't avoid inhaling the dust, they will all experience a moonstone drug-trip.\par

\pard\b The party will hear voices from elsewhere. Insight or wisdom to know who.\line\f1\ldblquote\'81\'63\f0 don\f1\rquote\f0 t like it! His tactics are changing. \b0 Becoming less general and more focused. He\f1\rquote\f0 s\par
mimicking our own strategy with the purple alicorns now. We barely pulled back from 99 before that group cut them off!\f1\rdblquote\f0  Storm Chaser said in my ears.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\ldblquote\f0 So it\f1\rquote\f0 s getting difficult. Adapt. Overcome. That\f1\rquote\f0 s what life does,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Goldenblood rasped.\line\line A half dozen battlefields roar before your eyes. Brandon blazing like a coment as a group struggles through a burning stone structure. Malformed Brood of amadi melting in the onslaught. A starmetal axe cleaving one in two.\par
\line\b Slaughter will stare into the afflicted's eyes, his blue.\line\b0 "Do you have any numbness, weakness, or paralysis?"\line Ravi mutters a yes-ish noise.\line "I think he's having a hemorrhagic stroke. Or something similar. "\line Slaughter will ask for healing potions.\line\b Tumeaux may ask how he knows\b0\line "Six years of medical school and two of residency."\line "we need to get to a medical facility, hopefully they will have something more than basic restoratives"\par
Doctor? Ravi asks.\par
"Unless there's another medical specialist inside mister Ares here, yes. It's been a lousy day for everyone concerned. I advise everyone not use any magic for the time being."\line "Wasn't using magic..." ravi mumbles.\line "You were using a highly experimental device too much, while coated in magically sensitive moon dust. Completely different, yes."\line\line\b Slaughter's eyes turn a vivid orange and yellow.\b0\line She heavily thanks everyone.\line "I never meant to hurt my baby. I only wanted him to live. to be happy. I didn't realize what was inside the talisman." -snotty sniff-  "I thought he could be happy. That's all I wanted. Please tell him."\line\b His eyes turn blue\b0 , in the tone of the doctor "This is strange. The angel stood between Ares and the rest of us, her desire so great. Your mental attack seems to have broken interference."\line\b slaughter rubs his face, gray eyes\b0\line He gives someone a potion.\line "ugh.. all these ghosts woken up. I can feel momma, doctor, razor.. I can't stop feeling them. Razor wants me to strop whining, mom wants me happy, I'm not sure if im more or less me than before you guys shoved that shit in my head"\line "thanks though. to be clear."\par
\par

\pard\b The tram stops at a station halfway, "Connecting power to lunar palace, please wait" \b0  a voice says. The doors open a minute later.\line\line\line Starlight - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/q1DwYQi4xLM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/q1DwYQi4xLM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Nobody is ready for the sight of 50 pale humans, dwarves and elves.\line "Welcome to the moon, Queen selena!" They shout in unison.\line Small glittery strips of paper are popped into the air from unknown sources.\line (con check)\line Ravi seems to have decided how to get to the bottom of the mystery as quick as possible.\line He collapses to the floor.\line\line These highly sentient blanks will address their medical problems, they note the moonstone poisoning, it is acute in ravi.\line "I shoulda been dead four months ago. I've got a body to get back. How do we get to the lunar palace?"\line\line The blanks guide the party through the 7 floor vault, mostly living accomodations, to the other tram.\par
\par
\b Another image plows over the party's minds.\b0\line A group of pegasi fighting the legate. Goldenblood, smashed legs and a broken arm, crawling away amongst various wooden and glass buildings (Hemmingsted).\line The legate begins to approach goldenblood, but there is a burst from a nearby glass window.\line Psalm, and a dozen green and blue aasimar strike through shields conjured around the legate like crystal bubbles.\par
\b\par
A different tram resumes it's way to the lunar palace, you can see the tracks here also lead to the launchpad, connecting somewhere far behind you.\b0\line\b\line A final hallucination \b0 affects the moonstone afflicted.\line Out of black smoke coiling over ocean waves, shoots a lean, blackened boat. It skims across the water. The Persistence scorched and battered, slices towards the shore, Dawn nearby, firing a harpoon gun that had become an improvised spell launcher into whatever they approached.\par
An NPC questions if we're going to be able to fight like this.\par
\highlight3\b begin the Nightseer and Tom encounter page\highlight0\par
\par
\par
\par
\highlight4\b0\fs40 The rocket lands.\highlight0\fs22\par
\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/DQl-2KF4blQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/DQl-2KF4blQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - god's gonna cut you down, instrumental.\line\line You breathe in the crisp winter air, looking over a land where dying grass pushes against green. The burden of enervation weighs on you.\par
Amadi's evil, right?\line He corrupted Dawn\line He used Nightseer and Sidney\line He ruined the world for all of us to revive his dead god and destroy everything.\line He hurt glory.\line "I don't know which is stronger. My hatred for The Legate, or my fear for the world."\line\line\highlight5\b POTENTIAL SESSION BREAK\highlight0\b0\par
\b\par
\b0\par
Following that, Stormchaser and Psalm find the party.\par
Psalm has just used melchior's cube to send a better message to the brood.\line she has a small cube-like incision recently healed on her chest.\line "don't worry, it's out, and they're all... better?"\line\b\line Otherwise, Stormchaser finds them, \line\b0 C'mon, you've got a world to save. The others are waiting at the tunnel, say your peace do what you need, and lets Go.\line They are lead to Psalm, who can teleport them there. She knows the receiving circle.\par
ravi quickly has psalm make a memory orb. it's of him and glory hugging in thunderhead at breakfast in Sky Striker's manor. He puts it in his locket, the moonstone in the locket is gone.\line He takes the moonstone to taran, and asks him to fabricate it into 6 bullets for his gun.\line\line If taran can't, Psalm can.\line "The moonstone from this locket... it did so much.\line It's spell saved glory from being blinded into trust with dawn.\line The broadcast got lighthooves to incriminate himself...\line Now... hah... now it's gonna doom the eater.\line A moonstone kept right in my locket, right by this little memory of Glory.\line She was right.. I have a heart of moonstone right here in my hand.\line My heart of moonstone... We're going to save the world."\b\par
\b0 Goldenblood is gone, his note can be found in star house.\par
\par
I was instructed to give you two minutes at star-house before we arrive.\line "Lets go, the others are waiting."\par
You teleport to the mouth of the tunnle, she wasn't kidding the others were waiting.\line All the others.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/dfwneXLHMXY }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/dfwneXLHMXY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  - Going Far\lang9\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - new lunar republic national anthem\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/QQ9RPTEkQW4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Octavia\line\par
\b Open the express to hell encounter.\b0\par
\par
\b\line\b0\par
}
 