{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 play 16\par
\par
Tumeaux returns to camp hollow. Priest heals him.\line obelek the dragonborn, black, is here, he serves sidney\line The brood of amadi is taking over the thronelands.\par
Amadi has prepared his army to defend the Lunaria, and attack everywhere else.\line The Space center will be launch capable in 4 weeks.\par
\par
\par
\b Inside the Redoubt\line\line\cf1\highlight2\b0 Stygius still talks via a chalkboard.\line Boo is present.\line\line\cf0\highlight0 Nordic ambience- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/nVRqq947lNo }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/nVRqq947lNo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\highlight2\b it is imperative that the party finds the spitfire memory orb 2, within the redoubt.\par

\pard\b0 The party eventually goes out into the world. 2328\line They get lost, and attacked by an echo of life.\line Tenebra shows up, but has a seizure as an Echo of life attacks.\line Her legs spasm, her eyes roll back, her wings flap unevenly, and she collapses.\line The echo attacks the party, it exposes them to a sea-serpents perspective of megaspells and radiation during the titan war.\line\line The party saves tenebra. She insists their father won't reward them, but punish her weakness.\line However persephone was listening "But their mother may."\line\line\line No. It happens quite frequently when I am\f1\'81\'63\f0 apprehensive and stressed. All batponies have\par
physical, social, and educational regimens to keep us fit and sane. I\f1\rquote\f0 ve\f1\'81\'63\f0 frequently\f1\'81\'63\f0 failed them. My brother\lang1033 's... \i\lang9 lover\i0 ,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she said delicately, as if she\f1\rquote\f0 d much rather have said something else. \f1\ldblquote\f0 She found them quite amusing at first.\line\highlight0\line\highlight2\b She will give them access to goldenblood's chamber.\b0\line\line It's a 20 story deep templar vault.\line "Grand Moonlight Redoubt"\line "Atrium A, B, C"\line "Built with the intention of protecting all critical features of the government during catastrophic attack. If Necessary, command the war, even if Morlin lost."\line They ride an elevator down\par
They pass a storeroom, seeds, spores, animal emryos.\line A surprising amount of material for fabrication, and shops to create.\par
\highlight0\par
\highlight2\b\fs32 Goldenblood's chamber\b0 - \fs22\line A small sterile, cubicle room 10ft across. 4 extremely potent beam turrets sit idly.\line There is a sign on the corridor that reads "Nobody"\line On the opposite wall, a second door, every bit as heavy as the main vault door.\line A trio of memory orbs sit sealed in a glass case by a floating arcane sphere.\line\line "Why the turrets?"\line "Installed at goldenblood's request, to prevent idle attempts to access his prison"\line\line "Is that all?"\line "No... There is an enchantment on the orbs, if you do not know the password, your heart will stop and you will never wake again."\line "you asked..."\line\line If the party pursues other means Persephone will say "That is not the way things of your goal will be done." After a hug, she says "may the night comfort and bring you rest".\b\par
\b0\par
After Persephone leaves, Tenebra says she can probably convince her father after a couple weeks, you don't need to do this.\line Tenebra may make advances on a partymember or Ravi.\line "Whisper said you liked pegasi... I thought..."\line\line Ravi answers with "I'll ask glory."\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\line The party must pass goldenblood's interrogation puzzles, and cognitum.\line Upon opening a memory orb jar,a prompt appears on the magical codex. A foggy gray shield forms around the room, and a fog of forbiddance falls over it.\line It's as if in a small echoing tiny hut spell.\line\line Each orb gives a prompt, asks a question on use, and afflicts someone in the experience with a brutal condition.\line Upon answering the orb question, the affliciton is lifted.\line A round is 4 guesses per player, talking reduces 1 guess per statement. Players think their guesses as rapidly as they can. They do not need to speak them.\par
1. Prompt - WHO DID IT? ::: Answer - GOLDENBLOOD\line Hotel Deception - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/tcAXHYv3v1U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/tcAXHYv3v1U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line ORB ACCESS- "What did I teach?" - History\line ORB CONDITION- incredible blood pressure increase. -2CON per round. CON save with DC 15 to avoid a reduction. Their vision begins to blur, and their nose bleeds.\line Orb- 2338 - Goldenblood forces Selena to do a followup attack on littlehorn after amadi attacks it.\line Red herring - AMADI\line\line 2. Prompt - WHAT DID HE DO WRONG ::: Answer - LOVE\line ORB ACCESS- "My only friend." - Elgenheimer \line  -- CASTLE GROUNDS, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HKl5U3g_wX4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HKl5U3g_wX4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line ORB CONDITION- Cannot breathe, survives rounds equal to CON then drops to 0, death saves.\line Orb- 2347 - In his private bar with Scruffy the elf bartender; Goldenblood lies to eventide about his wife in the ministry of peace sharing megaspells with the elves.\line Eventide proposes using the elements, to which Goldenblood says Selena will decline, because they were once used to seal her away when she was corrupt. Goldenblood admits to loving Selena.\line He has a realization about the win-condition of the war and Selena's reign.\line He agrees to the Gardens Project, and provides for eventide a larger project, kept off of every record, provided for with indirect resource and zero funds.\line His assistant, eclipse asks "And once it's over, hand over the keys to Selena?".\line "Something like that", eclipse is dissatisfied with the answer.\line Eclipse is constant in prying for information about Selena.\line She offers to clean up loose ends, he sleeps her so she cannot kill the bartender.\line "Eventide was worried what would happen if we lose the war. But what if we win?"\line -that's the point of the war-\line "Yes but I never thought about what's best for the country, just for Selena. She may be the worst tyrant we ever know, erasing memories, tarnishing dreams. Or perhaps pure and benevolent. A contingency should be in place if she turns. Something that will sweep all of this away and give the world a second chance. Leave scruffy, go to castol. Hopefully the court of cadenza will stay out of the war."\par
Goldenblood begins to burn the bar down.\line "Two new projects... hmm..."\par
3. Prompt - WHAT DID SHE KNOW?  ::: Answer - He was a puppet\line ORB ACCESS- "Who did I betray?" - Everyone\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/2SiH0Cb02jA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/2SiH0Cb02jA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - 16 score\line ORB CONDITION- Heart stops, 2 rounds. Death saves.\line ORB 2348 - A haunted tired looking goldenblood who was fired, visits the ministry prophet with his tuning fork. He repeats "have a mint, prophet". Sets the tuning fork down on the desk. She screams for him to be removed. He reminds her that the guards love her, they dont respect her.\line He mentions how he needed her distracted, but she was making things difficult, how they indulged her wild goose chases.\line He shoves tons of the drugged mints into her mouth.\line "You're done, you'll not interfere any longer."\line She retches many of the pills up.\line "Stay and binge to your hearts content."\line _-You serve the eater of souls-_\line "How do you know that name?"\line _-I can feel it. It's dripping off of you like liquid razors. It screams all around you. It sings inside you!-_\line She laughs madly before grabbing more pills and eating them.\line "Look in the mirror!" she yells.\line He does, he sees himself unscarred on a world of salt and ash. "I'm not that thing"\line "Oh god she knew"\line "What do I need to do?!"\line The prophet spasms, foam on her mouth "I'm so sorry, Sidney, Ravi, Taran!"\line Guards break in "what happened?" "-She kept eating them!-" CALL A CLERIC!\line --Get out of here director, before I do something you regret--\line "one moment please.... " "What do i need to.. What can i do to change... to prevent what..."\line ---__-Tell eventide... Show her how... Show... Be what you are...-__---\line She stretches her hand to the sodden pills, and passes out.\line\line Goldenblood rounds a corner, after covering the mirror. He violently vomits.\line He glances at his starmetal tuning fork.\line "Is it possible? The legend? Have I really been serving the..."\line "Oh Selena... somebody... anybody... please... help me!"\line his eyes looking at the silvered fork in the ground at his feet.\line\par
Ravi may input "Everything" then erase it.\line "No.. he's self destructive. This is about him. it'll be precise. The other one was about who he failed and it was blown out of proportion. This one is about someone else, knowing something about him."\par
WELCOME, EXECUTIONER.\par
\highlight0\par

\pard\highlight2 Within goldenblood is in a pod. There is a green illusory goldenblood speaking. This is cognitum. There are numerous small terminals alike those in thunderhead.\line\b0\f1\ldblquote\f0 Welcome, Executioner. If you\f1\rquote\f0 ve gotten this far, you are clearly familiar enough with the\par
accused to render final judgment. This subject has been interrogated one hundred thousand four hundred and twelve times since being interred here, and I believe that every crime this individual has committed has been accounted for,\f1\rdblquote\f0  the green Goldenbloods said. One monitor changed to a list of crimes, starting with Conspiring against the Throne: 2 counts and First Degree Murder: 1 count and ending with Jaywalking: 12 counts."\par
\par
\par
Please list whatever execution you deem appropriate from the list.\f1\rdblquote\f0  A different screen began to scroll with words like\lang1033  \f1\lang9\lquote\f0 Burning Alive\f1\rquote\f0 , \f1\lquote\f0 Defenestration\lang1033  \lang9 from Shadowbolt Tower\f1\rquote\f0 , and \f1\lquote\f0 Drawing and Quartering\f1\rquote\f0 ."\par
\b "I'm sorry, that is not on my list of executions. May I recommend one involving his wife? They are high on the psychological stress level."\par
\par
"Only someone who would want to kill goldenblood will be here. Please make your selection or be disintegrated"\line WHAT?!\line "Password security... can't have you writing the answers on the door outside now can we?"\par
\par
48 hour wait until his next period of intermission.\line R - Maybe we can taunt him inside pick the best method?\line The machine presents forth a single golden net like the one on goldenblood's head.\par
\par
\b0 Once inside with goldenblood they see several memories.\line 1. The dragon eating the talisman, and the loss of Morlin and Selena.\par
\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 You heard me. If you\f1\rquote\f0 re not here to kill me, then clearly you haven\f1\rquote\f0 t been paying attention.\par
Good day.\f1\rdblquote\f0  He turned\lang1033 .\par
\par
"I deserve to die, to be punished"\par
\b\fs30 R- I've done bad things too, but I haven't sat around waiting for someone to come along and put me down.\b0\par
\fs22 "have you ever thought that maybe you \i should \i0 have given up? That by trying to help, you\f1\rquote\f0 ve caused nearly as much pain and misery as there would have been if you'd done nothing at all?\f1\rdblquote\par
\f0 "I saw you at wreathewood... what happened to the child, what you did. A violent streak."\line\b R- That wasn't the first time you were... involved, was it?---- GB smiles.\line\b0 "No... not the first time. The first time was when you accessed the tram controls for your friend in the ruins. I worked on the spell with Echo, knew all the backdoors."\line\b R- Which is why echo could do things without setting the spell off too.\line\b0\line Ravi and goldenblood get into a "who can make mistakes" contest.\line There is a great glow of goldenblood's failures behind ravi.\line\b R-\b0  Do I deserve to be punished for my mistakes? YES. And I'm pretty sure half the stuff going on \i is\i0  punishment for those. But I don't let them stop me. The second I do, I'd be you.\line Maybe not in a machine, but curled up somewhere, positive that i deserved to die.\line\line "You can't compare, the consequences of my actions were-"\line Ravi pounces him\line "IT! IS! NOT! ABOUT! YOU!"\line "What about Selena's fuckups, Caelums, Eventides!"\line "But without my actio-"\line Ravi slaps him silent.\line "MAYBE it would have been different, maybe it would have been better, or maybe it would have even been worse. That's the problem with "what ifs". There's nothing you can do and you'll never know for sure. Even with all this (ravi waves at the dream). None of it will change what happened, and neither will killing you.\line\b how can i do on after what i've done? To Aethus, Selena, my wife... How do you move on?\b0\line\line You try and do better. You make each day count. You don't punish yourself eternally for your mistakes, you try and learn from them, and you never, ever, give up.\line\line "And there is one particular way you can do better, right now. And that's talk with us about New Morning."\line\line\b What do you want to know?\b0  Bottom of 2366\line\line\b R: \b0  Nightseer wants to use new dawn's projectile (goldenblood says it's "TOM").\line\b GB\b0  affirms that her plan would work if she can catch it near the enervation threshold.\line Amadi believes it a monster, Nightseer believes it's a machine. we'll find out when new Dawn fires.\line\b GB\b0  demonstrates it, a long curved path around the sun. it's here due to the need to sit on rich moonstone. Where lies a facility quickly built by a swarm of mechasprites, with a templar vault and tree of life creating blanks to staff it.\line\b R: \b0 why did you make it? \line\b GB \b0 To reset everything. If the Caesar won, or Selena won, the potential for atrocity was unimaginable. Genocide by elves, Genocide OF elves. Puppet governments, mind, magic, drugs, cybernetic mind control. she would be invincible, my worst fears.\line\b The redoubt was intended to survive. To be the "Almost" in the reset.\b0\line\line "But you couldn't get them all here."\line\b GB reveals he intended to make the people, not repopulate.\b0\line Thousands of memory engrams, blood samples, flux for raw material, soul binding rituals.\line A generation of incubators for the embryos in storage, and the world is saved.\line\b Ravi asks about flaws\b0  : Blanks can't carry embryos to term.\line\line\b There was.... another flaw.\line\line I was inspired by something...(tuning fork)... "The first star impact was terrible, but spiritual life energy released was immense. I theorized that if Tim was infused with the same amount of spiritual energy, the world might recover far faster. perhaps even a single generation.\line\line There is a star spirit bound within Project New Dawn's Moonstone.\par
\par
\par
R:\b0  Why did you react to the prophet, did you know the eater of souls?\line\b GB:\b0  He recollects how his mother in bed with brain tumors and arrythmia was drugged on poppy tears. She comforted him, send him to work for Caelum.\line Her grip grew tighter, she tried to strangle him.\line "You're a horrible child! A monster! I know what you're going to do! Who you are going to serve!"\line Orderlies ran it, and saved the child "No! He servers the eater, He'll kill us all! He serves the eater of souls!\line She took a few more minutes to die.\lang9\par
\b\par
\par
\b0 R-\b  Ok\b0 , we need you to help us save the world.\line The good outcome, is nightseer is right, gets infinite power and sweeps over the world. \line The bad is Amadi is right, and awakes some evil god to kill us all.\line\line You're going to help us stop new dawn.\line\line "unfortunately, you're missing the fact you have to kill me, you're my executioner"\line "I still want to die. And you have your knowledge."\par
\par
"you also aren't immune to interrogation in here."\par
\par
\b The simulation will then show the party their worst mistakes and outcomes.\line\b0  Cognitum tries to get them to kill goldenblood in each. \b\line\par
\b0 They're in chapel. Ravi is accosted by his rapist. "Another round?"\line Ravi kills him. "That's the spirit!" goldenblood appears and says.\line "you killed dozens, the kid in Sarn, lighthooves, hundreds at thunderhead. Why can't you kill one miserable man who deserves it? Because of some pitiful refrain of doing better? Because you pine for a father figure?"\b\line\b0\line\b Ravi: \b0 wrapped in cybernetics, he loads a pistol, he approaches goldenblood near the dead aarakocra crewman Blackjack, who is wearing a bloodstained yellow scarf.. "this is me goldenblood, an executioner. If I gave up, i'd be a reaper, right up there with Slaughter. I wouldn't give a shit about New Dawn, Nightseer, or Goldenblood."\line Goldenblood's expression is elated. "Bang!"\line "how did you know? all my profiles say you should have killed him?"\line The real goldenblood is revealed under the illusion as it fades to black.\line "It was definitely fake, Blackjack wore a red scarf, and tarboots died in chapel, not him.\line\line "Very astute... though there may be others."\line\line\b Taran\b0 : His parents seeing New Dawn caught in the fade shields, at the time, they were running the tavern. And nightseer's enslaving of their gang escorts.\line The gang members wear purple scarves.\line\b Sidney: \b0 Having ravi retrieve adamant, and working with nightseer, ravi's painful augmentation.\line Nightseer has ravi on his knees. "I give up".\line Nightseer tells sidney to kill him.\line Goldenblood belittles her, "Aww, plan didn't work out?"\par
\par
The party defeats their illusions, revealing goldenblood in each.\line They are transported to star house, a table with whiskey here.\line\line\b R; at the end, was she Selena, or corrupt self?\line\b0 Selena. But if things kept going with the steps in place, she would have brought a dark thousand years. Even uncorrupt, she would have been a dark ruler.\line\par
R- You know, you probably could have found a better solution that destroying most life\line G- yeah, manipulated though, remember?\line\line R- so now what?..\b\line "I'm going to wait"\par
\b0 "eventually you'll want to go save your friends, it'll be a mercy killing."\b\line\b0 "Why not kill yourself goldenblood, suicide?"\line "egotist, remember?"\line\par
"I wanted someone to understand me. I couldn't throw myself to the gutter, that wouldn't be appropriate for the monster I was."\line\line "why don't you help me?"\line "You'd accept?...... wait, youre serious?"\line\b R- have you not been paying attention? Just keep trying to do better, that's all I ask.\line G\b0 - Would it be better if i tried harder? I did so much-\line\line "I'm going to hit him again..."\line 1- it is not about you. Everyone shared some blame, Selena, Caelum, you weren't trying to rule as an evil god from behind the throne.\line 2- it is not about you. we're trying to save the world. that's us doing better. If we can't trust you outside of here, eat a dagger and get out of the way.\line 3- it is not about you. you're smart, but you're not that important, and now we know enough to understand how big this is. if you don't want to help, we'll be on our way unceremoniously after giving you what you want.\line I'll whine, and beat myself up about it later, but if that's the price, I'll pay it.\line\line "I'm sorry"\line "Me too, your wife would be ashamed"\line "She was trying to save people, even when she messed up with the megaspell matrixes. Do better. Where do you think i saw it? On her damn plaque in Sarn before it was annihilated."\line\line Ravi stands up to leave. he walks into the void. hoping the program would get the hint.\line "Wait..."\line "if you could... i don't know... maybe..."\line\line "well.. that's better. now get me out of this thing, I need to chat with the glowing box."\b\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\line\b0 Ravi asks him to be executed by his own freedom.\line Cognitum's simulations of death by new dawn do not cause psychological pain.\line "It's appropriate , he can't be executed properly here, he wants the deaths you can give. Throw him out to the world, where he can die in a nondescript hole, or to one of his creations."\line "I'm killing him with the kindness of freedom so he may die a mundane death."\line >This raises goldenblood's anxiety to all-time-high levels.\par
\highlight0\par
\par
\highlight2\b\fs32 Hades and The Escape from the redoubt\b0\line\fs22\line Someone gets in a duel with hades to take the throne, and be given the sigil to pass between dimensions\line Stygius can do this normally with his shadow magic.\par
\par
The fight with hades is brief. He invites a partymember to fight him once they are ready.\line There is shattered glass about in the room. hades kicks this at ravi once. the arena begins to fill with spheres. Hades grows weary.\line OBLIVION! ANNIHILATE! OBLITERATE!\line\line Hades needs to be blinded in some way.\par
\highlight0\par
\highlight2\b After the redoubt at camp hollow\b0\par
Ravi finds glory.\line He jokes about the genetically deprived bathorses hitting on him.\line She's conflicted, and hits him.\line She's upset he didn't come back for her first. She understands why he stayed in Morlin, but she doesn't know if she can deal with someone doing all of that. He didn't even mention trying to get word to her.\line "After all this we can..."\line "I need someone I can depend on to be here with me."\line Ravi chases after glory.\par
the black dragonborn approaches sidney.\line "Boss... I don't know what to do."\par
There is a small present inside Star House. Within is a series of runes. A teleportation sequence. Charity bought a teleportation circle for the city.\line There is an invoice within for the box and ribbons for 1 gold.\highlight0\par
\highlight2\b If the seahorse was destroyed in thunderhead-\line\b0 Captain Celeano will be here. Her crew died on the seahorse, and tarboots was killed before the battle of camp hollow. (ravi scene). He fathers boat, crew, and her treasure, gone.\line\b She will try to commit suicide\b0 , but hides the attempt poorly. She should exhibit clear signs of defeatism over losing her father's boat, and her family/friends.\line She is where ravi was at the start. She feels like her trying to help keeps making things worse, and lost so many important things to her.\line She can be talked down easily with a DC10 Char or Persuasion. "You keep trying to make up for all the wrongs... Do better" speech.\line "I just wanted adventure... It hurt so many people..."\line She needs to be given purpose, and motivation, otherwise she may relapse.\par
\b Goldenblood wants to plan the battle before telling everyone. He consults the party frequently.\line\b0 I can arrange them all an armistice, the knowledge of disaster isn't scarce. But to organize them... to have them fight? You better have a hell of a speech ready when the time comes.\par
Planners- Tumeaux, Goldenblood, Stormchaser\line Leaders- Goldenblood, Stormchaser\par
bunker groups-\line The Reapers- Brutus, Big Daggy, Ronaug\line The Friends- Slugs, Tiara, Xanthe\line The Zodiaks- Carrion, Pain Train, Gemini\par
The traveler will deal with the Tempest.\par
\highlight0\par
\b Preparing for the Space center\b0\par
\highlight2\b 1. Hope is Golden\par
Tumeaux\b0  will request the sending scroll tube from the party. He has a plan he wants to keep secret.\line\b\line Goldenblood\b0  needs a day to triage administration.\line He wants as much information as possible, delivered to him in the form of individual communication.\line He will summon everyone once his plan his ready. Until then, he advises everyone prepare themselves for a disfavored war.\line\line\b 2, The meeting, all of us.\line\line Ronaug approaches the party the day before the attack.\b0\line Hey, we're looking for you guys. It's almost time.\line Ronaug guides the party to a facility east of Camp Hollow. It's large steel dome of a roof almost flush with the grounds of the plains.\line Outside, is a veritable warcamp. hundreds of soldiers of various creeds sit about on the dry grass and sands, under the hazy overcast sky.\line Tumeaux joins them during the travel.\line "Your new friend is resourceful, horrifyingly so. Him and I sent dozens of delicately crafted messages all about the realm. Facilitated visitors, mediated discussions, manifested will where there was none. Truely, a genius of administration and subtlety.\line Ronaug-\line "He got the biggest meeting place he could find. The reaper arena."\line\line You arrive at the doorway.\line\highlight0\line\line\highlight2 Ronaug throws the doors open at 1:00 to 1:04.  Consult the \b Ronaug to the space center\b0  file for up to the speech. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/KlPQE_lelG4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/KlPQE_lelG4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  - to build an army.\lang9\par
The party is guided to backstage of the arena.\line\line Goldenblood is addressing the audience from the stage.\line "and thank you..."\line "Now, I bring you in union, with the heroes who have made the same possible."\line The halfling in the crowd stands, with a grasp of his fist, the already hazy sun above dims. A skewer of light upon the stage.\line\line Goldenblood begins to elaborate on the plan.\line "Some knowledge we cannot share. But we must know where each other are. It is an advantage we will have, the Brood of Amadi are not communicating, they are disorganized."\par
Brave redheart, an aasimar upset about being a projector when she wants to be the goddess, creates an illusion of the center, and obstacles.\line\highlight0\line\highlight2\b The problems are clear-\b0\line A megaspell on the moon is going to fire, if it hits morlin, all the surface will be annihilated.\line An illusory moon appears on the starlight plane of the aasimar's projection.\line Meanwhile, the Brood of Amadi will be attacking everything we know.\line\line\b The center is a crescent shaped four story facility it was clearly excavated from under dozens of feet of soil.\b0  The brood and remnant have dug it out, though water is pooling around it. It has incredibly thick walls, and arcane insulation all throughout. It blinks into the illusion below the moon.\line We need to stop Nightseer from reaching the moon, while we have our own arrive to stop the megaspell.\line Within the crescent, are four platforms, each with a machine of sleek magic and metal upon it. These are the tools to reach the moon, three of them are operational. They are surrounded with fade shields that activate as they launch. When launch begins, you will have less than 6 seconds to get outside the barrier before the shields engage.\line Surrounding it, are miles of trenches, and brood.\line\line We all can identify those that will be journeying to the Lunar Palace and be discriminate in not firing upon them. - He gestures to the party.\line Their insertion will remain secret.\line big momma interrupts "I AINT EVER SEEN EM'"\line\highlight0\line\line\highlight2\b Our main forces\b0 , (pegasi, templar, gangs, and the highlanders of big momma, appear among the starlight illusions as small circles with symbols, and a pair of raptors in the air (Slaughter, and Galeforce), will assault the center. A dense collection of red dots, and two flying larger ones, appear. The enemy will resist, potentially with two supporting raptors. They are composed of harbingers (nightseer's army) The remnant (elves that follow amadi), and the Brood of Amadi.\line We will take control of it, prevent Nightseer's departure, and send our own to the Lunar palace.\par
\b The enemy has 3 trees of revival fueling their army\b0  - tens of mile away from the center, to the north, south and west , several small dots appear. we must pick our most potent forces for the task of eliminating these. Infiltration and siege alike are possible.\line Big Daddy volunteers the reapers, they know the western region well.\line Sekashi, suggest that her and several other elves may be able to infiltrate one and destroy it.\par
After your bunker is disposed of, rejoin the fight on your front as rapidly as possible. \line Leaders will be provided with a means to communicate, courtesy of the Great Captain Celeano, and Arcanist Tumeaux.\line Tumeaux has split the scroll spell into a dozen pieces. Small papers can be sent as clones to every other receiver.\par
\b Amadi's presence\b0  is difficult to isolate, he seems to be in many places.\line If you encounter him on the field of battle, do everything in your power to delay him, keep him from the space center. An unknown megaspell has made him immortal, it is advised to not engage him directly.\par
\b Nightseer's limited control over the City has given her enough power to control immense magic, \b0 we suspect this is beginning to affect the fire tempest nearby. We have an answer for this. (Perc) General stormchaser nods, subtlety to him.\par
\b 0.\b0  Engagement\line The party emerges to a fierce firestorm brewing to the west.\line The voice of nightseer is heard in your minds. it speaks in time with the green pulses of the city.\line "We are infinite, immortal, and powerful! We will bring salvation to the land! We will save everyone! My subjects will see that you , our enemies, are vanquished! I will again be queen!"\line The SPP hub's porcelain looking orb will be flown in by a flock of pegasi.\line The acrid city pulses, a thought is heard in your minds, unspoken.  "Sister..."\line It summons a great isolate hurricane, and battles with the tempest.\line Based on rolls - The tempest will be diminished and retreat. \line However the city of morlin will fire a brutal green verdant laser at the SPP hub.\line "Sister...I'm sorry... But I will do better than you this time!"\line The shields on the hub hold, growing bright with the volley, it does however force them to retreat.\par
\b 1.\b0  Insertion - In one hour, the battle will begin in earnest. At the time of engagement, Goldenblood and Tumeaux will teleport the party.\line Tumeaux,\line Glory,\par
\b Ravi briefly exchanged with glory\b0\line Glory... I need you to come with me.\line "You need me. I know." She hugs him.\line "Tomorrow, we'll figure all of this out."\line "Glory this body can't... I need my other one even if we are going to use magic to-"\line "Don't think about all of that, right now, we need to think of the fight. Think about it tomorrow."\par
The aasimar magic seems to have... malfunctioned slightly.\line Boo is present.\par
\highlight0 Ronaug and the reapers attack the west front, after\line The Zodiaks set up an ambush for the main force and diamond dogs.\line The party is teleported high above the space center. They are hovering by aasimar magic.\line\line\par
\b 2. \b0 Arrival\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/RSREapeetNE }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/RSREapeetNE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - legions , follow with bravery  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/AaYjEuahVqA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/AaYjEuahVqA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Alt longer- battle in the north, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/hEQThgfXT30 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/hEQThgfXT30\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\highlight2 The party lands near the entrance, amongst a number of Broof of Amadi.\line "For the revenant! For the legate! " two mithril armored elves yell.\line A pegasus reef soldier with a brown shield on it's armor, and broken wings points a gun at them.\line "We... we had orders... I'm sorry."\line "EASILY REMEDIED"\line A pegasus whose shiny white fur seemed to frame such a paragon that he sparkled with beauty. His baby blue eyes sparkle as they regard the dirty bug that is yourself.\line "I am immediately assigning you to accompany us to the battlefield to help defend our order!"\line He then pointlessly throws the injured over-dutiful pegasus 20 feet or so.\par
Once entering, the party must decide what floor to go to.\line\highlight0 Ravi asks boo. She says "2, planetarium."\line "Never doubt the boo"\par
\b 3.\b0  Within - Fight the starkatteri - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/S2UCM9Twuyo }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/S2UCM9Twuyo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\highlight2\b Pythia encounter. \line\b0 The lights go dark as the party enters. Overhead in the middle, a large chandeleir's filaments flicker on, one by one.\line All of the elves have red facepaint that resembles the orbit of planets.\line\b Ashur, \b0 A horned mask painted black and red.\b\line "\b0 The black star Ashur's cold embrace overcomes your weak tools"\line (hey! I know him! That's my old priest!)\line\b Dagon, \b0 A mask with numerous red spirals over it's white paint, as if a burning flame.\b\line\b0 Tosses crimson dust into the air. "Did you think we'd overlook your plans, little pretenders?"\line The dust cloud forms crimson serpents that chase glory around the room.\line\b Namtar, **Pythia** - \b0 A white mask, with a red point like an upside-down teardrop.\b\line\b0 She will tell future events to her allies. Giving them a bonus action to respond.\line "Block!" - The defender prepares before you even fully finish premeditating your attack.\line "Yeah, namtar curse you or whatever."\line "busy now"\line Pythia has a 20,1,1, and a 10 in her divination reperitoire.\line BOO will fight pythia, pitifully.\b\line Nibiru, \line\b0 "The stars rot for eons, and you shall join them, Nibiru demands it."\line She strikes with long whipping tendrils of green fire from her hands that deal necrotic or fire damage, whichever is stronger to the target.\line (range 30)\line\line Cloaked figures, three adults and a youth.\line\line\b As the fight continues-\line\b0 "Told you, busy now"\line "This may not be the Maiden of the stars, but Namtar is going nuts here! I don't know who they are, but they aren't nobodies."\line -Old female elf - "focus on the later, not the now, Pythia."\line "Finally! we will be ascendant after ten thousand years!"\line\line\b Even further -\b0  "Kill them, I'll feel better when the maiden of stars is on her rocket and gone forever."\line Ravi- "Nightseer? Forever? She's coming right back you know!"\line "and a balefire missile stands ready to greet her the instant she lands. One treated with our magics to disrupt any pitiful shields or magics she might use to defend herself. She'll vaporize before she even realizes she was used!"\line\line Pythia "Shut up Eurydale! you're making basic mistakes."\par

\pard\b Towards the end\line "\b0 And who's going to rule? Which of you elves calls the shots?"\line "Why, all of us. The legate sits on the throne, and we will all get things done"\line\i Pythia struggles to read the paper\i0\line "This isn't right, Scylla! I'm seeing shadows all over the future! Something is wrong!...\line AND WOULD SOMEONE GET HER OFF ME? It's hard enough to divine in a battle without distractions." She kicks boo away again.\line\line "Fine, I'll remove the distraction then." \line Eurydale throws more red dust into the air.\line "HAH! NOW who's making rookie mistakes?! The airborne dust congeals with the serpents and forms the shape of a large red dragon."\line FLY! Fly! Fly as fast as you can! There's nowhere to run when all is alfame!\line Glory is burned somewhat.\line\line Talismans in the room respond to the immense smoke, and spew water into the chamber.\line No! No!\line Dagon! Burn her! Burn them all! \i She tears up as she looks at the red goop running down her hands.\i0\line Dagon, why have you forsaken me! \line "Burn them! Dagon will consume you! He will burn the world to ash!"\line Glory may kill her, or at hit her hooves against her skull.\line\line\b At the end-\line\line\b0 The male summons four large spears of ice. "This is over"\b\line\line\b0 Ravi "I can tell you why you can't see the future."\line Py-Doubtful.\line R"The legate is going to resurrect the Eater of Souls."\line R-"Let me guess, the Starkatteri were going to rule the world, right?"\line Ravi looks at the party. Damn, it's Nightseer's routine, just a different audience.\line R-"You don't have to be that audience."\line Py-"Atropos... I'm seeing a gap in the shadows... but I don't know why?"\line\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Hush, Pythia,\f1\rdblquote\f0  she growled, regarding me. At least the icy spears had stopped growing. \f1\ldblquote\f0 My\par
people have never loved the Eater of Souls. We sought to use him for our own empowerment, for he is a \i vast \i0 source of power. We summoned a star once at his direction, and the reaction nearly broke the world in two. At the last moment, my ancestors broke the ritual, letting the star escape. But the devastation was complete enough to eradicate our empire from the earth. We are born with this brand as a reminder of that folly.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She gestured at the orbital markings on her face.\line\line Ravi- She can see the future right? Can she any future that is where all of you get what you were promised?\line\line Eyes on pythia-\line "Just because I haven't seen it... there are always shadows... It doesn't mean it's not there..."\line\line Any ice spells flutter into snow.\par
\line One of the elves.\line "you... aren't copies... are you? YOU'RE THEM. THE PLAYERS. THE GAMBLERS.\line You're supposed to be dead..."\line\line "yeah, we're really bad at that."\par
\par
Has amadi said anything about what you're going to be doing in the future? any real plans?\line "i suppose not"\line\line It would have been nice to not see my tribe go extinct.\line Erydale, Scylla, Pythia, let's go.\line\line Wait! ravi addresses them. "You need to tell the other elves. we need more help. We need them to know the legate is serving the eater"\line "Tell them? I'm not sure if you noticed, but our tribe is cursed, we wear it on our faces."\line\line If they aren't given good reason, ravi will suggest they find Lancer, Sekashi, or Xanthe. Maybe they can help.\line\line "We will think about it, but for now we will retreat and consult the stars."\line\line\i one more thing\i0  - tumeaux asks why the eater doesn't consume souls.\line It only eats star souls, it wants mortal souls to audience it, and sing it's praises for eternity.\par
\line\b The Starkatteri begin to leave\par
\par
\b0 There is a rustling in the ceiling. The kenku mage "flicker" is investigating.\line He tosses a note to the party. He insistently wants them to read it out loud.\line "Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim."\line He then speaks in broken common for the next hour using this persons voice.\line "Halps meh phenk"\line\par
\par
The party enters the room. They hear a brood talk "We require reinforcements."\line Ravi panics. They're talking... brood haven't talked before.\line "expedite."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b 4.\b0  Without\par
Within the center, in the storage room, is a collection of elven engineers.\line They all have blue and green face markings.\line Many are wearing engineering equipment.\line "Can you delay a launch? Vent fuel or something?" Tumeaux will ask.\line "are you trying to kill us all?" Cerynitis replies.\line "Congratulations, you're the leader."\line\line "Listen, we need to get out there. I need us on that fancy rocket. Tell me how to do that."\line hesitation.\line "worst case we start breaking things"\line No! It's a miracle we kept this place together this long. Hoping to escape to the lunar palace... underground for centuries. Half these rockets are barely restored museum pieces, maybe they launch, but they might not even make it there. You start venting, and the systems to do so safely might not work.\line "Can you slow things down somehow?"\line We can stop the 4, but not the one in the middle (ess a1, MTRpg engines). He gestures to clocks frozen at 1 minute.\line It's the finest... and already detached... it doesn't need the tower. the tower isn't sturdy enough to be a problem if it does launch. It can land and leave pretty much anywhere it wants.\line\highlight0\line\highlight2\b Glory takes control of the command center\b0 .\line\line "be careful, there are shields that activate prior to launch. If you get stuck inside when the rocket goes up, you'll get cooked. You'll have 10 seconds between the fields going up and the engines firing. No magic in or near them either."\line\line "I should stay. They can't keep the brood back forever, I could do it." Tumeaux says.\line "No, you couldn't get back in time. I've got a good weapon strong enough to stop them. I might not be antigra anymore, but I can still reach you in a minute.\line Plus, if you want to launch another rocket, someone needs to be here to push the button. \line "Tomorrow. we'll figure everything out tomorrow. Until then, do what you do best. Go."\line They hug "Hurry, you don't want to miss your flight."\line\line As the party heads for the sealed doors, and is crossing the field to the rockets.\line Boo is here, she has fallen off the Persistence.\line "Boo. I have a special mission for you. Do you feel up to it?"\line Boo is serious.\line "I need you to find big daddy, or Lancer, or Ianren. Tell them a balefire missile is aimed at this place. They need to be ready to pull back as quickly as they can. We're here. I'm not sure how useful the attack is now."\line\line "yer sending me away again,"\line "Because you're the only one that can make it. You're lucky, quick, and quiet.\line He scribbles a note and puts it in her saddlebag.\line "Balefire bomb targeting center. Get out. Do better. Ravi."\line If they don't think that's mine, well, not much I can do about that.\line\highlight0\line\highlight2\b They arrive near the rocket\b0\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/O4nYAQ1c-r4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Lunar republic national anthem\line Follow with celtic battle\line Bravery, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line "NIGHTSEER!"\line "I'm calling you out! Get down here and give my body back!"\par
\b a trio of brood of amadi are approaching. \b0\line\line Amadi and platform encounter.\line The scaffold is 10 stories tall, the rocket smooth, potentially enchanted adamantite. Ravi's voice echoes up it and back to your ears.\line There is a collection of instruments, and a water-muck filled concrete trench around the circular platform.\line On one side, a pair of large drums with icy pipes leading to the rocket.\par
The Legate is delayed reaching the space center. 3 rockets of 4 will be available.\line No magic can be cast once the FADE's are up. Nothing can pass through them.\line\line Ravi runs to the instruments. "intercom 6" he smashes.\line NIGHTSEER!\line N"who is this?"\line R"You know who! you took my body, my chance at a child, My burdens! I want them back!"\line N"and how is it to want? I wanted a body and my kingdom back for two hundred years."\line N"I will sire children, and raise them better than you would"\line\i Crunch\line N\i0 "did you just bite the intercom?"\line R"I'm going to stop New Dawn! Face me!"\line N"Face you? I have a world to save. However, i have an offer, if I return and the legate is dead, I'll allow you a quiet life elsewhere in the world."\line R-"The legate has fooled you! There's a star spirit bound in the rock! In Tom! He's going to feed it to the eater and resurrect it! You're playing into his hands!"\line\line "you're derranged. I will restore Morlin, and proceed into a glorious future!"\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/aKKLzUYXjn0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/aKKLzUYXjn0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - solar reign\line\line Klaxon sirens sound. The scaffold begins to pull away from the rocket with the grind of protesting machinery.\line "Clear pad six, immediately."\line Slaughter! We know who you are! Stop her! She's never going to help you!\line Echo!\line\line\b The rocket's launch causes the ground to bounce 2-3ft underneath. \b0 The flames are tiny pale things, with barely visible columns of exhaust. But the sound. was deafening.\line Clouds of steam, and sizzling stone peck at the FADE shields.\line Ravi pounds at the barrier.\line "no..."\line\line\b "oh yes."\line The legate says\line "time to die"\b0\line\line A sending message from Elred reaches the party.\line "Glory and the elves are fueling another rocket. Keep them safe for 10 minutes."\line\line The legate is flanked by an army of harbingers and brood. 3/4 of the brood are normal elves with blue face paint, with dozens of the tree-spawn brood. He stands tall, wearing a dragon skull over his face, and light leather armor that his posture and stature make look intimidating.\line His armor, pierced with numerous inch-thick starmetal rings.\line The harbingers betray the legate, his chest explodes. A gargantuan fight breaks out.\line Magical bullets spark off the legate's skull helmet.\line The brood army is struck from above by a Raptor's smaller secondary weapons "Galeforce".\par
\par
\par
\b Ravi begins the fight with the legate\line He rolls performance to delay the legate.\b0\line "You've been playing roles for centuries now. Used elves and humans hate to play."\line L"You think you know me? you KNOW NOTHING"\line R"I know it was you in many attacks. starmetal to boost talismans, these little silver rings all over in the ruins, like the ones you wear. The pink mists... I remember seeing one of those rings in leighton. You even manipulated the dragonborn... I bet you were somehow even behind the titans disturbance."\line\line L: "It went marvelously didnt it?" The legate monologues for a time. 2494\line R: "You almost had it at one point, didn't you? Selena probably about to turn on the Sibl, what was next? Raise it up, get the moonstone to it?"\line L: "How.. No." his pupils constrict in the sockets of the dragonskull.\line R: the megaspells killing everything probably ruined a bit, huh?\line L: Yeah, that's when everything fell apart, the big ole society fell down because you brough them all to war.\line R: Stars didn't like that one, did they?\line L: that's impossible. No..."\line R: All that hard work, wrecked. but you're persistent, use the remains, use the thronelands, use nightseer. Then I stepped out with that stupid necklace, everything got moving again, New dawn got ready to fire. You had your opportunity.\line L: That's impossible, you can't be! you're a fake! You're nothing! You're dead!\line\line R; dead? I've died like 3 times, hasn't stuck yet.\line We stood at the mouth of the eater.\line We broke down the skies and cast down the towers.\line We've killed goddesses and purged abominations from the land!\line\line SAY OUR NAME AMADI. SAY OUR NAME!\line\line "You're not the Maiden! She's gone to the moon."\line "Not yet, i haven't."\line "Now! As Maiden of the stars! I call on the skies to strike you down and smite you!"\line Right now!\line "idiot..."\line "kill them"\line\line Time nearly stops as the legate instinctively turns around.\line Which airship took the shot, you'll never know.\line But a 10ft ray of crimson, you swear had the letters "LEGATE" glowing in it, strikes.\line\line He is screaming, inarticulate, blackened. An accretion of dust swirls around him and his body reforms.\line His leather armor above the waist ruined. His dragon skull gone.\line His face covered with the orbital red satellite pattern of the starkatteri.\line "it's true..." "Starkatteri" the normal elves amongst the brood whisper.\line TRUE? They are our enemy! they will destroy all we have worked for! Kill them!\line\line "Why aren't you fighting me yourself? like when you looked for me in the forest?"\line "you're afraid of the real thing... your prophecy... you're afraid we can stop you!"\par
The remnant raise their weapons, on amadi.\line\line\b From the pile, Lancer- "it's over father.". Sekashi appears. "Give up Amadi. He has your name, it is foolish to resist the prophecy"\b0\line\line L: "it would be wonderful, wouldn't it? No more plotting... peace"\line R: it can still be that way. ;;; ravi approaches him.\line The legate looks at the party. Thousands of years of hatred, blood, and more, thundering behind his eyes in an unending storm.\line\line He twists his body so hard as he strikes ravi, that you hear sinews and muscles ripping, joints popping, bones snapping.\line\line "I still have the brood! and the true maiden of the stars is carried in that fool traveling to the moon! You're not even the lightbringer! you're the fool!"\par
Sekashi "heals" ravi with a joint twist, and silver sand.\par
"Brood! Kill it all! destroy the rockets!"\line\line Elven snipers, assist the party.\line\line "Up! up! up! Don't let them destroy this one!" as they climb a scaffold\line "down down down!" as amadi begins to attack the rocket.\line\line The party needs to avoid flaming debris on the way to the next rocket.\line Heat and haze blocks vision.\par

\pard Boo is nearby as the party makes way for a rocket.\line She falls off the seahorse, and\line "Hi boo. how are you doing?"\line "I found a reaper man with a thingy and he said he's tell everyone to get the fuck away"\line "reapers are really rude"\line\line Amadi or brood will manage to destroy all the known functional rockets, if the party are unable to deter him. \b Failing this, will cause glory's death scene to begin.\par
\par
"\b0 Tell glory to get out, it's over"\line "No it's not, get to pad one" Glory's reply is sluggish.\line\line Ravi speaks into his locket, "Good, glory get over here!"\line "No, I need to wait until launch starts. I can't lock the controls so they can't tamper with the route until then."\line\line The intercom will sound out.\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Cerynitis and Propoli are getting it ready to fly, anyone who can help, get there. They\f1\rquote\f0 ve already fixed the problem that stopped it last time; Everyone else just has to keep the Legate from attacking it long enough for them to get the oxygen tanks filled. "\line Her speech was filled with coughs, and strain.\line\line\f1\line\b\f0\lang1033 The final showdown with the legate.\line\line\line If the legate is incapacitated.\line\line\b0\line The legate tries to scare ravi, threatening glory's survival with everything he can.\line He taunts ravi, Taran, and Sidney, to keep them where they are.\par
\par
Ravi is unable to ignore the legate's taunting. They need to reach the last launch pad.\par
\par
Ravi approaches him in combat, trying to make him irrational.\line "Discord"\line "See that rocket? the frosty one? turns out it still works."\line "Hey, Amadi. When I put my mind and soul back in my old body, I guess I really will be the Maiden of the Stars. Least for a little while while I chill with Selena's soul. Funny, huh? That your prophecy actually might come true?"\line\line The legate screams, not like a man, or a beast, but like a harrowed undead's howl. \line "you're dead! all of you! everything! dead dead dead!"\line\line\b The legate fires the missile\par
\par
"We have to go! Right now!"\line\line\b0 Ravi tells the elves to leave, the bomb is gonna land. They say they need to manually detach the rocket. It's old enough that it doesn't have automation.\line\b\line\b0 Ravi argues with Boo about her staying to use her luck to save the elves .\line "She's the only one lucky enough to pull it off"\line "come back quick daddy, come back safe."\line\line Ravi tells tumeaux to get into the rocket, and start figuring it out inside so they know what to do on the way. talismans, air, controls.\par
\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b The legate dives over some hoses near unused canisters to attack Ravi as he makes way for the rocket.\b0\line\line An elf yells into the intercom near the rocket.\line It's heard everywhere.\line "Miss glory, is everything green?"\line Over gunshots, and the fizz of magic and fire. "Yes. Pad one is green." you need to hurry.\par
Glory adds.\line "There's a missile coming! Please hurry!"\line\line\b there is another short exchange with the legate, as he prepares to throw the LOX tank at the party.\b0\line\line Ravi opens his locket as the party ascends the scaffold. Everyone hears his words. "Glory, soon as you can, start the launch and get back here!"\line "got it."\line "are you ok?"\line "I'm fine. Hurry, you don't have long." There are more sounds of shooting over the intercom. and audible crackles from the building thousands of feet away.\line\line\b Within the cockpit\b0  are a half dozen chairs, they recline backwards, in strong cushions. numerous lights above in the ceiling. the room a scant 7ft across, and 6ft high.\line\line "good. come straight away."\line "...I'll try"\line This shocks ravi.  Begin playing tomorrow. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line "Hang tight! I'll be right there!"\line Ravi will begin to turn around, or leave the rocket.\line At this point, magical shields flare up outside, the elves salute the party.\line If inside, the hatches will close. and a shield will spring around the cockpit.\par
"What's going on!? Glory!"\line\line Perception:\line There are flashes of light inside the control building.\line\line "tumeaux! Taran! open this thing!"\line "Get out glory! We'll leave! find another way!"\line "Open it right now! I have to get to her!"\line "Do it!"\line "I'd do it for you! I'd do it for tumeaux!"\line Tumeaux, like a stern but grieving father "I know you would, and we would do this for you like we are her."\line Glory speaks calmly over a quiet intercom in the cockpit.\line "Everyone... this missile will impact in a minute. I see it here. I've checked the flight path. You're going to arrive a little behind nightseer."\line\line "Please... glory... please.."\line Ravi pulls out a small moonstone talisman. It flickers, anemically trying to teleport.\line He reaches his magic as far as he can beyond the rocket, hundreds of feet short of the control tower, a small wan barrier flickers into life.\par
\i klaxons begin to sound out. \i0\par
Glory appears on a terminal overhead in the cockpit. The gray pegasus weary, bloody.\line Ins- her wings are broken, she has small strong burns from magic. She turns briefly, and disintegrates an injured brood with her beam pistol.\line\line\i ravi reaches into his bag, and points a revolver at the glass hatch\i0\line\line Tumeaux stops him. "you'll kill all of us!"\line\line "No!" ravi cries. his hands beating against the reinforced glass.\par
\i core engine thrust stable... ignition in ten.. nine..\par
\i0 An ethreal voice sounds in your heads. Not one of screaming, or pain. But one of cool, confidence, calm.\line "What's one life to that of the whole world?"\line "Everything!" Ravi sobs.\par
"Ravi, it's that... I'm sorry." Tumeaux returns to his seat.\par
\i Glory slumps onto her desk, in the terminal. blood in the corner of her mouth, her wing shot through.\line You can see out the window of the cockpit the shields and smoke vanishing below. the space center leaving sight.\line Glory stands onscreen, looking out the window. She faintly smiles.\line\line\i0 Percption, DC 1000. uncrittable.\line Over the sounds of ravi screaming, you cannot hear whatever the robot voice said this time.\line\line Ravi does not return to his seat. He stands, tears pulled down his face by hard acceleration. Shields reinforcing his stature from within, small magical infusions in his bones. He glows a flickering gold.\line\line Glory touches the screen above, and in an effort taken as insignificant by Ravi, he reaches to touch the screen as well. You see his eyes hoping that somehow the glass would flicker away and her fall through to rejoin.\line "Ravi..." She murmurs... smiling as she weeps. "Tomorrow".\line\line Outside, the world grew bright. A sunrise from below.\line\line As if profoundly forced by some magical telepathy, you share the journey.\line Meeting glory in Heywood.\line Glory saving injured from Brimstone\line Becoming friends with Glory in Camp hollow.\line Glory crying in the rain after she was exiled.\line Seeing Glory's again after the poison illusion wore off.\line Fighting in Camp Hollow against Dawn beside Glory.\line Being held by Glory.\line Glory giving a speech in Thunderhead.\line Glory walking away.\line Glory upset in camp hollow.\line Glory giving Ravi a sad smile.\line\line Ravi throws back his head, his magic wanes, he lays prone on the floow.\line He crys out her name for the whole universe to hear.\line Lost in the roar as her sacrifice carried everyone to the heavens\line\highlight0\line\lang1033\par
\b\fs32 At the Lunar Palace\fs22\line Only cantrips can be cast without an arcana DC of 25 to filter the moonstone noise.\line A sawblade from the planet will blast through a window during the slaughter encounter, pulling a partymember and slaughter outside.\par
\b0 Enemies: Slaughter, Nightseer, and 4 elite harbingers.\line\lang9 Chicanery, (He strongly understands high technology), nightseer brought him to help.\lang1033\line Bastard : infinite mags\line Rockets : rockets\line Grenades : electric and explosive\line Spice : flight, twinblades\line\line\b Slaughter\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HvUBjq7s6Kk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HvUBjq7s6Kk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , flowers in the rain.\b0\line\line\b Delaying New Dawn\line\line Elites\line\line Nightseer\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/c93E0_PHCCI }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/c93E0_PHCCI\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line Escape\b0\par
}
 