{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 The green dragonborn is gone.\line "I went lookin for a friend, have a good day, see you again" a note he left says\line\line Celeano joins in, asking what's at whitefield. "Damn lotta good that kinda magic can do in the right claws." she'll comment if explained properly.\par
"Hah! Lets get some of that crazy magic ourself and make ole' horsey fly!" - a sailor says\par
"I'd never cast warding again! No fuck is gonna get us in the sky! Haha!"\line\line\line\line On the trip, make it very clear Celaeno and blackjack have some wizardry skills.\line Mention the scroll transporter several times, she has the only receiver bound to any she's given out.\line She will receive a scroll from it from Morlin.\line "They're requesting vessels ferry in soldiers and wyverns from the dragonborn city of Maine to Morlin."\line\line\line The party passes thunderhead, it is to their northwest.\line Celaeno will gesture out to the northwest. "There's thunderhead and the marble tower, way out yonder."\line\line Players roll perception.\line The marble tower is perhaps days away, a spire of undetailed white against blue sky, piercing from the terrain below over a mile into the air. There are several splinters of the spire impaled like javelines about it nearby, looking like a sharp radiant flower of diamond splinters on the horizon.\line\line High up in the sky at night, players can see the glow of pegasi farms in the clouds. They grow food from sunlight, and special cloud-seeds.\line\line "Thunderhead is shaped like a wheel, tons of those spikey lightning rods on the outside".\line Don't describe thunderhead unless a player crits perception.\line Do however, describe the raptors, and link their image.\line\line Raptors are large looming behemoths of ships, at least three hundred feet long, and 100 high, wide, and flat on their top deck. You realize at their distance, they are perhaps the size of a village. You wager they could have crews of over a hundred, and they have firearms to match. Throngs of cannons line the walls of the nearest you can see.\line\line They are fast and highly maneuverable cloudships and were notably used to take down attacking forces like dragons, earning them the nickname of "Dragon Killers".\line\line "There are clouds inside them, the pegasi use to keep them afloat. Unless you can break a cloud, you aint crashin one of those down here. They haven't been on the surface in my lifetime."\line\line "Heck, most of us probably can't even walk on a cloud any more than a drunk on deck in high seas." -Celaeno\line\line "I can walk on a cloud!" - Slaughter\line "I wanna steal one" - Slaughter\line "I'll be a sky pirate" - Also Slaughter\line "Or maybe crash it into something" - Slaughter\line\line\line The city was built on the inside of a massive, hollow horizontal torus of cloud, like anempty wagon tire lying on its side. I saw, as the Seahorse edged up into the city from below, that the bottom lip of the tire extended in towards the center farther than the top,creating a sunlit ledge that supported actual living parks!  Well, if they could figureout how to make crops grow in clouds, why not grass and flowers?  Large, impres-sive buildings were built into the thick circumferential wall of the torus, and thesewere decorated with Corinthian columns, friezes of pegasi and griffins in combat,and grand statues that appeared to be marble. Along the ceiling of the hollow tube,hanging down like icicles, were hundreds of plain, cloud-hewn apartments where,from what Glory told me, the poorer folk lived.  Equidistant around the city were siximmense buildings that ran like pillars from the lip of the upper rim to the border ofthe park ring below; these\line\line\par
\par
\par
Whitefield Ruins.\line\line The party arrives at night, there is a dimly burning fire and several hobgoblins under the spire.\par
The Seahorse will be attacked during the night by Tabaxi from the northern wastes.\par
Arriving near whitefield, players can see a single plume of smoke. a perceptive player can see the southerly smoke of a bonfire lit deeper into whitefield.\line\line\line The ruin is found in a deep 50ft crater.\line Reaching to the height of the crater, is a large sliver of marble, at least 30ft wide, and 50ft tall,  impaled into the ground like a great javeline.\par
The players enter and explore the ruins.\line The entryway is a stone stairway with a thin veneer of snow (soiled by dirt and footprints into mush, to the perceptive)\line Just prior to the a large entryway, the floor takes on a blued metallic tinge, but is still semi-stone. Stepping nearby, you find your will to continue, slightly damaged. This will be unpleasant. The floor becomes more and more metallic deeper into the facility.\line Begin rolling necrotic damage once every 5 minutes. Spoil healing potions after an hour.\line Casting spells of 2nd level or lower in here will require an arcana DC of 20 or higher.\line Spells higher will require an arcana DC of 15 or higher.\line "You feel the very fundamentals of magic here are disrupted. Stronger spells however seem less affected."\line\line There is a spell cast on the megaspell machine. Rune of Warding, and Contingency. Contingency will use Sending, if any spells are activated or removed on the machine.\line\line\line Once players explore enough, continue\line _____\line\line Rain of Steel and Lighthooves arrive behind them. They were waiting southward for Ravi.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/jcQw6vaKd4o }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/jcQw6vaKd4o\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line Rain is distinguishable with the moon at his back illuminating his anti-dragon cannons, and his heavily armored and tailed silhouette. His vibrant teal eyes nearly illuminate within the dark.\line\line The other creature is clearly a pegasus.\par
Lighthoove's voice is dark, intentful, predatory, and deceptive.\line "What success you've found! It's been so very difficult getting that little brick out."\line\line Ravi feels like we might loose the fight, and won't risk letting them leave with the matrix.\line "I'm not going to gamble on a pegasus hitting the skies with this."\line "I've got a different bet in mind".\line Ravi tosses the matrix to the party, rushes them beyond the starmetal floor, casts a barrier on the ceiling above the door, and pulls down, collapsing the way out, separating the party from Rain of Steel and Lighthooves.\line He puts the matrix into the scroll tube, and sends it to the aarakocra on the seahorse.\line "Tell the birds what to do with that"\line Celeano will reply. "No can do, darlin'. We're coming to save you, hang on".\par
The party can hear rain and lighthooves talking.\line "We can wait for them, they'll wear down, starve out, we'll get them after they move all that rubble. Right at the top of these stairs, we'll convince them to hand it over.\line\line Celeano will immediately use the spell on her boat. Rain of Steel and Lighthooves will be waiting outside with their reinforcements.\line The seahorse has a plume of gargantuan multichromatic colored feathers fanned from it's mainsail to the sides of the ship.\line A battle-between the airborne seahorse trying to save the party. and Rain of Steel will begin after some time. There is a distant thud of an explosion. A screaming whistle, and impact on the surface causing a shudder in the remaining ceiling.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo3Y49FHp8U }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo3Y49FHp8U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  Lunar pirates.\lang9\line\line\line "RAIN! TAKE. IT. DOWN!"\line Lighthooves will have cast a rune of warding with fireball at the top of the stairs. It will fail due to the enervation. Players will still make a dex save to avoid the initially-stable spell.\line\line In combat, lighthooves will use Scorching Ray, fireflash's teleport, fireball.\line He will fly 75ft up in combat.\line\line After rain fails to break the seahorse, he will reload.\line He pushes his levers forward, down, and pulls back.\line Two twirling canisters trailing white smoke are heavily ejected from his weapons. In a quick motion, he places two more in their places, and prepares to fire again.\line\line "Lighthooves they don't have it! Kill them!"\line "What?!"\line "It has to be onboard the ship!"\line\line If rain attacks ravi, his barrier will shatter, neutralizing the pale beam. Players within 100ft need to roll dex saves or take 4d6 force damage.\line\line\line Continued fight music, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/W3pkEHz-koQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/W3pkEHz-koQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line Rain will fire two balefile blasts, staggered by a couple seconds.\line When rain fires a bale-light blast at the seahorse, the first beam will be right at the middle of the ship. an enormous cannonball will intercept it from a main cannon of the seahorse., creating a violently white 100ft mid-air explosion. \line Every creature must roll constitution.\line\line A player looking at the seahorse can see the aarakocra cutting down a number of ropes, they fall off the side, hanging 50ft below the base of the flying vessel.\line\line\line Archers are firing at the Seahorse. It passes low, letting many ropes down over the side.\line "Get on!"\line\line Departing, Time to be awesome.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnAzcn05Yws }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnAzcn05Yws\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Following this, Ravi pursues his goals so doggedly, that he begins to make mistakes.\line Not sleeping, and hurting a kid.\par
\par
easy ed's adopted daughter is charity\par
The town was robbed, and will be unable to host refugees\par
Whoever stole the gold from them was inevitable. We have a tolerance for losses!\par
glory and the perceptitron\par
\par
}
 