{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red100\green107\blue134;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green158\blue194;\red155\green0\blue211;\red128\green100\blue162;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 play 14\par
Important characters, Chicanery, Lighthooves, Morning Glory, Operator, Lacunae(optional if her arc had not resolved prior).\line\line Describe the traveler's room.\par
Chicanery exposes that "Percy" stole the perceptitron last night.\line He also knows the other pegasus that was with Percy when he found the party (Operator)\line He's heard that the surface disease affects pegasi,\line He's also heard the surface is planning to attack the SPP.\line He recently fixed the perceptitron some, it can hear now too!\line\line Ravi is thinking about brimstone. He falls into a bit of a suicidal bout. The dream from selena caused it.\line "I mean, we tried to do good, but would they be alive if we hadn't interfered? Was there a better way? What if the good I'm doing, just makes things worse?"\line This agitates slaughter. He whispers to the party to let him handle it, if they don't themselves.\line His eyes are a fierce intensity, and vivid blue.\line "I've been thinking a fucking lot ravi, I don't like that."\line Slaughter will hold ravi out over the pit.\line "Look down ravi.\line Does this shit look right? <ravi says no, but dropping him might help>\line Do you think you can just quit when shit's this fucked up?\line <If I quit, I won't make it worse>\line Everything isn't about you , fuck you for even thinking you get to judge yourself to death. You're the last fucking person that should decide how to punish you.\line "So what do I do?\line This is about making shit better you stupid fuck, not just about you.\line\line\cf1 Listen to me, I was a royal doctor with secret clearance.I know people whose mistakes have killed MILLIONS. I can empathize with you.\cf2\line\cf1 If you quit like this, without trying making shit right. All that experience with wrong you've accumulated, all of those ways it could have been better? That's on the back of those burdens, those mistakes, those lives!?, the lessons are the prize at their cost.\line You quit now, and it's all just pointless murder.\line\line And if I can be blunt, your fuckups have killed what, maybe 20? \line\line There is a brief silence.\line "Are you on that grand scale of fuck-ups, doctor?"\line There is a pause, like the doctor is offended.\line "Yeah, I am".\line "Did yours ever kill anyone who didn't deserve it?"\line There's a silence. He didn't have to answer.\line "I was so proud when I saved those elves from the mine... but.... So how do I move on?"\line\cf0\line\cf2 You devote every second to trying to do better, despite that fact that it would never be enough. Praying that with every good act you do, when your life is over, it's going to come CLOSE to making up for the wrongs.\line\cf1\line Those people whose fuck-ups killed millions... \line Do you think they can live with those deaths?\line "I don't know".\line "How do you survive, even as a soul, doctor?"\line ??\line "You've seen the world suffer, and turmoil in there, what keeps you from breaking? from just joining the delerium, how do you continue?"\line -- \i Hope\i0  --\line "I'm not sure I have any."\line --If I showed you something secret... something you can't share with anyone, but it gives me hope that my mistakes will be undone. do you think you could live?--\line "Maybe."\line\i Good, Taran, send lady nora message. the dragon of the templar.\line She will be showing a human, he will be falling from near shadowbolt tower in 1 minute.\line As soon as she replies, please tell me.\i0\line\cf0\line The traveler interrupts the silence, quietly.\line "Chicanery... why not give them actor passes? Just say they are wearing illusions."\par
\par
\b\fs28 The party can re-emerge into thunderhead to begin finding answers\b0 . \fs22 This is a DM sandbox for puzzles, and player action.\line Thunderhead is a very formal and prosperous city. As depicted in {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/8yaSkRkzU24 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/8yaSkRkzU24\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/NYaQa0TpUNc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/NYaQa0TpUNc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , active ambience\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/YHEcZVX_Uq0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/YHEcZVX_Uq0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - soft playful ambience\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/lvkzsuZId44 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/lvkzsuZId44\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Thunderhead at night.\line\line\b Script\line To cloudsdale! {\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0252NshZrBU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0252NshZrBU\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\line Walking the city unmolested, you realize it's something that you haven't seen in months.\line Comfortable.\line The mix of arabian spires, renaissance and celtic architecture enveloping their bases, to the crowds of small horses walking around on business without regard for mortal danger or survival, you feel this is what a city should look like.\line Looking at any object, you find a fascination in things constructed with more technological prowess than you've seen anywhere before visiting a templar ruin.\line\line The structures protrude into visibility above the spires and grandeur, a porcelain tower, capped with several more geometric stories and a large beady white sphere at its' top. At least a dozen stories tall.\line An enormous black tower, with a hexagonal top that widens into several imposing spikes and a small cluster of instruments at it's center peak. \line Be sure to describe Shadowbolt tower, the raptor bay, and the SPP tower.\line\line\line\b Boo-\b0\line Boo is a pegasus blank, created from a tree of life. She has a body, but no mind and little soul, though her soul and mind are growing.\line She is dragged behind a slaver after stumbling.\line "We found a whole lot of these blanks out in the winter fields to the west. Most of them too dumb to feed themselves, but this one came from down south by the finger rivers, smart enough to pull a cart. Started scavangin' around and getting into my wares last week, sellin her to the medical farm."\line Ravi will barter for, and name her Boo. She becomes a very loyal, silent companion. He plays with her and feeds her frequently through the city.\par
\b Pythia's prophecies\b0\line Pythia is a young elf with fair skin and vivid red hair. definitely a child.\line Here, she runs a fortune shop of shockingly accurate fortunes, when she gives them.\line She wears a domed mask, with no visible holes for eyes or mouth, it's sharp at the bottom like a teardrop, and has two red lines that run down it's sides to the bottom.\par
She's slightly bothered she won't have time to practice more. She's packing up and heading to help amadi.\line "My family needs some wisdom."\line She tells the party's fortune.\line She lays out several star maps, flips through pages, the stars and maps come alive with magic, slowly altering, as if the celestial bodies depicted flowing in time.\line *she gasps, softly*\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/bLNd6bIYvS8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/bLNd6bIYvS8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  stop playing at 20 seconds.\line "That sounds... awful... Listen."\line She retrieves a small scroll with a gold ring on it. and funnels some small magic into it.\line "Someone you know, is going to use something very horrible. For good or bad, the stars themselves aren't even sure. it sounds like nothing I've ever heard."\line She very quickly packs her maps again.\par

\pard\line\b\fs28 details to find\par
\par
\fs22 Ravi can return at any point. deposited by the dragon.  preferably later.\line "\b0 wow... such a good use of illusions!"\b\fs28\par
\b0\fs22\line Glory's home is in the aristocratic district. Her father was injured in an attempted assasination by Dawn.\line\b Glory is arrested\b0 , She is suspect in the murder of councilor sky-striker. Her sister, Dusk, is with the officers. She wears viscious power armor with a scorpion-like tail.\line "Treason... I can't believe you. You've ruined so much with that. Lets get to. I want to talk with you about some things happening here too.\line Oh.. glory.. I'm glad you're alive."\line There was an admission of her being an antigrite dispatched up here weeks ago from a separate scout group.\line Sky-striker went to visit a location as part of a surface relief effort PR stunt. He was killed by a pegasus wearing wing blades. You were the only known surviving defect to the surface at the time, and would have access to the arsenal.\line You also have a record incriminating you.\line He fetches a small scroll with a gold ring from his saddle-bag.\line A faint image of glory's speaking appeared. She speaks in a dull, near condescending tone.\line\cf4\b\f1\ldblquote Years ago my mother left the \f0\lang1033 Reef\f1\lang9  because she realized she could no longer stand by\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 while \f0\lang1033 creatures\f1\lang9  suffered. She believed in \f0\lang1033 Antigra\f1\lang9 . I believe in \f0\lang1033 Antigra\f1\lang9 . The cowardice I\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 see in your faces sickens and appalls me. At least some of you joined the Volunteer Corps, but it\rquote s not\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 enough. I won\rquote t suffer foolishness any longer. I can better serve \f0\lang1033 Antigra \f1\lang9 out in the field than\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 work in some extremely hostile laboratory. Thunderhead is like a disease; the surface is a cur\f0\lang1033 e"\b0\fs30\par
\cf0\fs22\lang9\par
\cf1\b Thunderhead's history\par
\b0 Thunderhead is an independent pegasus settlement. Though it isn't allowed to field it's own navy, and the shadowbolt tower's defenses are maintained by the neighvarro.\line Thunderhead was subjected to an unexpected Dragon attack; while a portion of the Neighvarro fleet (who were performing training exercises nearby) were able to respond, the Dragon's defeats was ultimately the result of a Thunderhead Councilman, Sky Striker; initially thought dead after plummeting to the surface, Sky Striker told a story about how he met a group of six friends who were attempting to clean up the Thronelands- Big Daddy, King Awesome, Usury , Professor Zodiac, Acolyte Awesin and the surface Pegasus Dawn.\par
\b There is a shitload of discontent for the neighvarro. \b0 Many residents want thunderhead to remain independent, but the neighvarro have the military.\line >There is a civil war waiting to start here, thousands of these horses are power kegs ready to go off.\line\b\line The neighvarro absolutely hate the surface.\line Thunderhead is neutral to the surface.\b0\line Ravi questions if lighthooves was neighvarro. Chicanery assures he was not. He hates the politics too.\line >So, why would he want a war with the surface?\line Are the raptor captains all neighvarro?\line No, the Castellanus, Galeforce, and Sleet, are Thunderhead owned. Those are the largest ships they are allowed to have.\cf0\par
\cf1\line\cf0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Cosplayer's may reveal information the party had missed themselves.\line "I can't believe the aasimar destroyed the evidence, did she want to hide it from them? " (deus' note)\par
The SPP is off limits to non-researchers. Sneaking in however will allow the party to ascend it's highly armored and magically shielded interior.\line At the peak, a luminous barrier allows sight into a small chamber, where two pods lay.\line One open, one shut.\line The party can hear discussion of researchers within, musing about what the project does.\line "we can exercise limited control over the facility, it seems".\line\line _____________\par
\par
\b Hell in the skies begins with a sudden and violent detonation. There is an explosion on the cloudship Helicity, it crashes into the city.\par
>it's a military coup.\b0\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/29XGuv8Arzw }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/29XGuv8Arzw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , recall the time of no return.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/lQlgbhJ6Qrc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/lQlgbhJ6Qrc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , continued BGM\line The entire alicornae ep is appropriate for different locations here, described at DM discretion.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLl7dXRHbZCdjQ5tQSLjdQGoFPFboZ4Z0c }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLl7dXRHbZCdjQ5tQSLjdQGoFPFboZ4Z0c\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line It is as this point, that the party is unnegotiably locked into the endgame arc until the events at the lunar palace conclude.\par
\b\fs24 Components of the battle,\line PARTY: Ravi, Slaughter, Chicanery, Glory\line\b0\fs22 >Hurricane, Sirocco ,are protecting the SPP and Shadowbolt tower, Castellanus, galeforce, and sleet, are attacking.\line Captain afterburner and Hoarfrost run the hurricane and sirroco.\line The helicity is destroyed in the balefire bomb detonation atop the tower.\line Stormchaser and the friendly raptors mobilize to protect innocents until more information is available to them. They trust nobody.\line\par
________________________________\line Taran summons his clone, warn the party first. No encounter on deck.\line Describe the regenerating guys, reintroduce sweetie.\par
\line\b Neighvarro loyalists are attacking harbingers in shadowbolt tower.\par
Ravi wants to make sure the thunderhead raptors don't start a war with the neighvarro.\par
Percy "Lighthooves" has made the balefire egg into two powerful bombs\b0 , at the SPP, and intends to launch his disease from shadowbolt tower.\line He has two assistants cast contingencies on the him to detonate the egg.\line If the egg is moved.\line If Lighthooves is injured to unconcsiousness. \line\b Lighthooves has requested amadi stage a battle \b0 for shadowbolt tower. He deceives that they have taken control of the tower and are using it to attack the pegasi. A keen partymember may see through this. There aren't as many soldiers as the clutter would seem.\line\b Lighthooves is very fast, and can move around thunderhead much faster than the party. He uses the perceptitron to constantly observe them\b0 , and plans to counter whatever they are doing.\line\b Neighvarro loyalists arrive from a separate city.\b0  \line\par
To succeed at whatever goal they pick, the party must elude the knowledge of the perceptitron, or go somewhere lighthooves will not. (the surface near shadowbolt tower, other planes, immediate danger)\line\b Whether they save the SPP tower or not, \b0 (the mechanism is highly shielded, and can't be destroyed even by a balefire bomb)\b , the party must arrive at the shadowbolt tower encounter.\par
1.\b0 The party emerges to see the Castellanus fielding fire from several other raptors. It is hovering just over the commons of Thunderhead.\par
\b Landing onboard, captain celeano and two of her crew are fighting on deck.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/g0kghH5a8tA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/g0kghH5a8tA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - her fight theme.\b0\par
\b 1.5,\line\b0 Bravery. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0  \line the party boards the castellanus.Stormchaser is caught off guard, she holds a blaster in her teeth. The party arrives to a large hole being blasted in the bridge as stormchaser and a guard fight a pair of augmented pegasi.\line Stormchaser in the fog of war and fury, shoots the party reflexively.\line The guard dons wing armor near where the party enters, and is able to at duel the slowly regenerating attackers, blocking their attacks. Stormchaser has a wing broken when she tries to block.\line "Pegasus wings are tough. magically tough. This is unexpected."\line She walks the bridge to her post again, and places a visor over her head.\line As she crosses, describe the scene of the raptor battle through the cracked class of the bridge.\line Perception checks\line X-\line 15\line 20\line 25\line "Captain has the com."\par
\par
\b Ambience onboard the Castellanus\b0\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/7zE9aYzAHMU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/7zE9aYzAHMU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 3.\b0  The party learns that there are missiles preparing to launch from shadowbolt tower's highest levels. Scryer's find them to contain a chemical weapon. The Castellanus, highly damaged, retreats from the fight to stop the missiles. The defenses of the tower cause the galeforce and sleet to also retreat without support from the castellanus against the hurricane and sirroco.\line\b If the battle swings against the harbinger loyalists, Nightseer will use her power over Morlin to intervene. Further damaging the Castellanus, and annihilating the Galeforce.\b0\line The Castellanus will evade, and shoot down a single missile.\line "We can take them down this close before they get speed, but we can't sit this close to the tower forever without a fleet. Another hour, and they probably know it."\line She looks at ravi's folded note. The contents safely hidden.\line "Fuck, they do know it."\line >we need a plan\line >You can enter from the bottom, fight through the neighvarro and harbingers, and shut their operation down. We'll buy time.\line\line Even if we win, the neighvarro are going to get in, and use what they find to build more weapons, and then thunderhead won't be immune.\line\par
\b 2.\b0  Ravi gets his megaspell plan from echo onboard the Castellanus.\line\b >Ravi looks at his necklace. his eyes widen\b0 . "Marsh hill had..." He immediatelly asks for a slip of paper to write on. "Lighthooves might be watching, but I have a plan". Without looking at the paper, he writes in poor handwriting.\line Ravi determines who can and cannot see the paper based on how likely it is for lighthooves to be watching them.\line\line "Shh! don't say it!"\line >"Ravi I fucking love you".\line "Those are the four stupidest words I've ever read. We need to evacuate the whole city." - General stormchaser.\line -I have a megaspell-\line Need - targeting talisman (all of the ones on the castellanus are damaged. they're targeting manually.)\line\line >The traveler appears. He can see it.\line "Why don't you just push the city? Break off the tower? It's clouds?\line That would take-\line "A few thousand pegasi? No problem. I'll get them shoving lickety split. Send word to everyone you can. Anywhere in the city, everyone needs to know."\line Ravi- "Tell glory! Oh gods! Glory!"\par
\b Stormchaser\b0 >  This is unideal, we're fighting too many battles.\line Mitigate the threat from the tower\line And save all our friends.\line We still however have opposing raptors, and the tower's defenses.\par
\par
Slaughter suggests ramming speed. Let's take down that other raptor with this one! It's already messed up.\line >Slaughter, if you can take down one of those raptors, you can keep the other.\line "You can't just-"\line "He needs incentives in his life"\line >Slaughter forcibly takes the helm, wearing the visor\line "Whoa, I can't do anything! Cool!"\line >Biometrics dear.\line "Ok im gonna go up on deck and beat those stupid tin cans for a while then"\line Ravi- Slaughter I think you shoul-\line "FUCK YOU Ravi! This isn't just about you and your plans. I don't need you telling me what to do. I could kill you like nothing! I'm going to go do something I want. I don't get to kill people here, even when slaughtering is completely rational! \line I'm gonna go steal one of those raptors! Maybe crash it into this stupid one!"\line\b Stormchaser\b0 >their anti-flyer defenses will pulp you before you can rea-\line FUCK ALL OF YOU!\line\b Stormchaser>\b0  Will he be able to?\line "Maybe."\line Minutes later, slaughter is fired from a cannon on the ship, at the hurricane.\par
\b 4. \b0 There is a tremendous explosion from the SPP tower. The top of it however, seems suspended. A brilliant glittering shield of hexagonal magic absorbs what was assuredly a balefile bomb.\line It begins to slowly fall.\line Numerous pegasi pack clouds under it, slowing its' descent. It arrives at the ground of thunderhead.\par
\b\par
\par
\fs28 Shadowbolt tower encounter\b0\line\fs22 The shadowbolt tower is bristling with thunderheads, automated spells that will target anything with any magic with 2 6th-level lightningbolts per round, each. They can strike anything within 500ft.\par
Chicanery is here to guide them, he knows how to operate some things in the tower as well.\line Glory is also present.\line "We need to stay out of empty places in the middle column. If the harbingers control the defenses and aren't occupied in the column, it's a death sentence."\par
The party needs to ascend inside\b . Notable elements:\line\b0 A refuge for 500 workers of various races. As Pegasi cannot be psions, or wizards, managing the facility has required this help.\par
The Neighvarro reef soldiers help the party clear a path to the loading dock where the friendly raptors can evacuate the refugees. They want to secure the weapons at the top.play 13\line At the dock, after Ravi shows his plan to a commander, they rip a targeting talisman from a gun and give it to someone in the party without ravi seeing.\line It takes two raptors to fully evac. The Castellanus and Sirroco assist.\line\line\line\b\fs28 Tower ascent encounter\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HkSVtu_vuOQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HkSVtu_vuOQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  - alpha\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Qr7AUVz6ycg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Qr7AUVz6ycg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  - shadows of the lightning\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/lQlgbhJ6Qrc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/lQlgbhJ6Qrc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  - Castle of Time\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/EzwT-miP2Kg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/EzwT-miP2Kg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  - Changeling's essence\b0\fs22\par
The tower is tall. It exudes an aura of forbiddance.\line The neighvarro wear electric power armor. It is easily disrupted, but fields enormous defense, and mobility. It also allows the pegasi to fire weapons.\line Once the party reaches the second solid floor, after getting past some neighvarro, they can see through a protective mesh ceiling. but must still travel around the circular pathways.\par
>Hey guys, I think i thought of a better plan A.\line Lighthooves has some neighvarro loyalists working for him, right?\line Why?\line Remember what I did to dawn?\line\line over half a mile, NPC's should be concerned they can reach the top with one or two "fly" casts, and they can't carry and fight. Ravi needs to find a way to fly, he doesn't have time to fight the hallways. They find a spree of augmented soldiers, near a chamber similar to the one Dawn uses. A neighvarro technician is operating the spell matrix now, a slain brood of amadi by his feet.\line "Eclipse protocol?..."\line "Echo, I don't want to-"\line >You have to make a choice, right now.Option 1,  You lose, get out of the skies, take your friends.\line >Option two, I can interface with it.\line "I don't want to..."\line >you have 45 minutes. maybe less. Pick, or let someone pick for you. Lighthooves? Nightseer?\line Ravi thinks for a time. Then seems to find his conviction. "I wonder how many chips I have left." he whispers.\line "Ante up."\par

\pard It's risky to use anaesthesia, ravi won't have time to fully wake up if he goes under.\line\line\b He wants the party to talk to him\cf5\b0 . He had the original project adamant in his necklace the whole time. If the party doesn't start quickly, ravi will ask chicanery\line  "who founded the pegasus reef?\line\lang1033\line Fact is, surface forces were annihilated, but since our cities are mobile, most escaped the initial carnage. We were still in big trouble, though, mostly due to a lack of food. There wasn't much in the way of aeroculture back then. Everyone waited for the other horseshoe to drop and finish us off. But it never came. In those years, we had Antigra constantly trying to get help down below.\line\line Pieces of bone are removed from Ravi's shoulder, and reinforcements pinned to his spine.\line\i\f1\ldblquote\f0 Stress hormones are through the roof,\f1\rdblquote\f0  a technician said.\line Chicanery\f1\rquote\f0 s voice cracked a moment as he went on. \line\i0\line\tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 The public was more on her side though,\par
so the military ran nonstop propaganda to undermine her. They claimed that the surface was\par
contaminated with diseases. Anything and everything they could to discredit her. Then the eclipse happened. Folks thought it was the end of the world. Sun and moon coming together like they were going to hit. Kinda quaint now,\f1\rdblquote\f0  \line he said mirthlessly as the machine hummed. \line\tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 With the social disruption following that... Finally it came down to a vote of all the settlements whether to cut off the surface permanently or open the skies up and help the surface. Most damning was Doctor Mephitis. He showed footage of diseased elves\par
eating each other. Sickened the whole room. The Reef got its start there, based on the military.\f1\rdblquote\line\f0\par
-- The story seems to be keeping ravi's mind off of the pain --\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Son of a mule,\f1\rdblquote\f0  I shouted.\line\tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 Hey. That\f1\rquote\f0 s my ancestor you're talking about there,\f1\rdblquote\f0  \line Chicanery said in mock seriousness,\line  \tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 And by all accounts, he was a pretty serious doctor."\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Wait. He was your--\f1\rdblquote\f0  Ravi started to say when he opened his eyes.  two bloody metal hands reaching for his face, the ends tipped in hooked blades, tiny\par
pincers, and a panoply of needles. Nothing stopped him from seeing the bloody hide dangling from the steel fingers, because his eyelids were attached to it.\par
\tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 How is he still conscious?\line  He should be having a heart attack right now,\f1\rdblquote\f0 .\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Aasimar modification. Seriously? Someone decided to make augmentation designs for Caelum and Selena?\f1\rdblquote\f0  A second technician said.\par
At this point, I put nothing past Goldenblood. The metal plate was being fixed to his face, \par
screwed in place. \line "I can't blink... I don't think i'll ever blink again."\par
"Any more, and I'd be Dawn."\line\line The machine pauses for a moment.\line "What's this... echo cleanup protocol? What more is there to do?"\line "Don\f1\rquote\f0 t ask me. It\f1\rquote\f0 d take me a year to get through all these designs and files. I think something in his Amulet is guiding these, because I sure ain\f1\rquote\f0 t."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\line With a splash of water inside the pod, and a burst of warm air, ravi emerges. All but his jaw ,mouth, and softly spiked brown hair a metallic gray, as the sky near a bright moon at night. Triangles of blue, predatory and glowing, where his eyes were. Cables ran like sinew between the plates of metal.\line On his chest, a design reminiscent of the glittering shield of his barrier, and a pokerchip of obscure value within.\line "Mirror"\line Ravi spins into a fury, after seeing himself. Pegasi, and humans alike running and diving for cover.\line "I'll just smash it all, cut it all until something stops me!"\line "There's nothing left of me! I deserve to die for this! ALL OF YOU DESERVE TO DIE FOR DOING THIS!"\line He smashes the pod, and sends sparks all about.\line Ravi pins boo, yelling at her.\line "You're so WEAK! of all the people that have died! How did YOU live!?"\line Only when Boo touches his cheek, and says his name is his fury cooled, like fire under cold rain.\line "br..ra...Wavi?"\line -"Boo... I'm sorry."\line "I'm me... I'm ok now. I decided. I made my ante"\line "Let's play this game".\par
\par
\cf1 The neighvarro want to clear a path to the loading dock. They will help the party.\par
"Antigra's speed bless you all. We've got three thousand feet of hell above us."\cf5\par
\cf1\b The refuge\line\b0 The next floor below the mesh is a raptor docking bay, and a scientist refuge that houses 500 non-fliers. Dwarves, Elves, and humans. All adept in magic that pegasi as sorcerors cannot learn.\line They help with maintaining the tower.\par
Once here, numerous neighvarros rush past, to secure a frontline in the tower column.\par

\pard Ravi suggests raptors can evacuate them. The castellanus is too damaged to reach the tower. The other two are occupied.\line During this discussion,  a raptor docks at the station. It's the hurricane from nearby.\line A small slaughter rides out on the pegasus.\line "Whoa, hey guys, who is your badass friend?"\line >Ravi\line "what happened?"\line >upgrades\line "Damn, you should get leadership of the reapers on looks alone."\line He gestures to the raptor with his head.\line "Do you like her? I'm thinking of renaming her to "The Slaughter".\line "I hope they let me keep her, I'll fly the straight and narrow"\line >HE CAN'T DIE! I DISINTEGRATED HIM MYSELF, Cpt. Crosswinds shouts loudly.\line >TWICE!\line "Yeah, ravi's helping me with that, supposed to be at least. but he's got that whole "life is good" shit going on."\line "He tried to sell out everyone on the ship to get me off his back. After that they just kinda listened to me instead."\line >\cf0 Please. I\f1\rquote\f0 ll be a good captain. I\f1\rquote\f0 ll go on the straight and narrow. I\f1\rquote\f0 ll feed orphans and house widows.\par
I\f1\rquote\f0 ll stop cheating on my mare and my mistress and my girlfriend if you\f1\rquote\f0 ll please get her off my back!\f1\rdblquote\f0  he begged.\line "Slaughter?..."\line >Oh don't you slaughter me, this shit lies like I regenerate. I gave him chances to play along, got disintegrated. Twice.\line "I'll get him off if you can get me this in under a minute."\line Ravi shows him the paper.\line "I can get you one! Half an hour tops. We'll yank one right out of the turrets."\line "Sorry, not quick enough. slaughter, he's all yours".\line >\b slaughter\b0  So, ravi are you really.. I mean , you said you had one...\line "If I can get what I need to make it work, yeah. Maybe in one of the missiles up there?"\line\b S-\b0 Do you think if im fast i can get back here in time for it?\line "Probably not. I'm using it just as soon as I find one"\line\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Ehhh... .decisions, decisions. Stay and do the right thing and become a sky pirate, or snap his neck and get what I want.\f1\rdblquote\f0  She let out a huff. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Boo? What do you think?\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
The blank pointed a hoof at me. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Wavi!"\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 She can talk?\f1\rdblquote\f0  Slaughter goggled. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Quick! Say \f1\lquote\f0 booger\f1\rquote\f0 ! \f1\lquote\f0 Shit!\f1\rquote\f0  \f1\lquote\f0 Harlot!\f1\rquote\f0  \f1\lquote\f0 Batsuawa!\f1\rquote\f0  \f1\lquote\f0 Trickle down economics!\f1\rquote\f0  \f1\lquote\par
\par
\ldblquote\f0 Are you coming or not?\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 But... but... I have a Raptor now! Sky pirates! But a good chance of me getting killed,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he\par
whined as he gestured from the ship to the top of the tower, clearly torn. Finally, he blurted, \f1\ldblquote\f0 That\f1\rquote\f0 s not fair, Ravi!"\par
Ravi chuckles \f1\ldblquote\f0 Today isn\f1\rquote\f0 t a fair day for anyone, Slaughter. See to your ship. Sky piracy sounds better than dying to me, any day,\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 That\f1\rquote\f0 s because dying for you is actually easy,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he sulked, but there was a hint of doubt in his\par
voice as well. he kicked Crosswinds in the ribs with his hindpaws. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Yah mule. Back to my ship.\par
We\f1\rquote\f0 ll need to paint it bright red to make it go faster. Give it some extra guns. And spikes."\par
\par
Most of the refuge had already made it on board.\par
\par
\cf6 In the air, the view of chaos was now complete. Raptor fought with Raptor as they moved in a\par
deadly dance of maneuver and counter maneuver. I watched as the \i Castellanus\i0 , still trailing smoke\par
from multiple holes in her plates, dove vertically towards the red-accented \i Sirocco\i0 . For a terrifying\par
moment, I was certain that the \i Castellanus \i0 was in freefall as the ship blasted the spinning props atop\par
the \i Sirocco \i0 with its front cannons. Then the \i Castellanus \i0 tumbled to the side, turned ninety degrees,\par
and opened fire with its remaining ventral turrets, tearing great green gashes in the side of the\par
\i Sirocco\i0 . As it plunged beneath its enemy, the \i Castellanus\i0\f1\rquote\f0 s propellers blurred to life to slow its\par
descent, its nose swinging up as it hovered in place and fired at the underside of its enemy. I had no\par
idea how much damage it did, but, as I watched the \i Castellanus \i0 fall back into a horizontal position\par
and pull away and the \i Sirocco \i0 return fire, I felt it was a little surreal to watch a giant war machine\par
pirouetting so.\line\cf0\line Once at the mesh. looking above, clouds of neighvarro clashed with the habringer blanks.\par
Three thousand feet.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\line\b\fs28 Tower launch encounter.\fs22\line\b0 The final showdown- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/gp1eoxQ0vLc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/gp1eoxQ0vLc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line The Last reuinion - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/eTcdyGnJc9M\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Celestial battle theme, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0PLs7QuwzRc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0PLs7QuwzRc\ul0\cf0}}}}\b\f0\fs22\line\b0 Lighthooves is trying to launch the 20 missiles in the chamber. He needs 3 rounds at each to launch it. The traveler will annihilate the first and second that fire from outside. He has to chase the third, and on the fourth, the explosion is very distant. The traveler needs 6 rounds to return or a missile passes.\line Destroying a missile inside the tower will cause the highly flammable fuel to explode and ignite the entire interior. dealing 1d4 fire damage per round to everyone inside. Every extra missile exploded adds 1d4+1 damage.\par
\b Lighthooves\b0  , A lightly augmented White pegasus with a silver mane and orange eyes. His augments gave him mithril bones, and structually sparse extremities, reducing his weight dramatically, without sacrificing strength or articulation. His breast his lined in starmetal inlaid mithril.\line\b He takes quarter damage from hostile magic, and can destroy spells.\b0  This is due to a special starmetal resonator that he has. When he uses it, it will apply 1d12+4 necrotic damage to everything within 50ft, and cause them to make a CON20 DC against being temporarily deafened by the ennervation scream.\line His demeanor is that of a commander, strong, skillful, and not easily swayed humored, or distracted. He does have an immense amount of pride in cornering his opponents, but will only gloat if he is delayed by something else.\line Lighthooves has advantage on all dex checks, and can reroll if his highest result is under 15, taking the new roll instead. If he rolls lower, he has overestimated his skill, and landed in bigger trouble.\line\line\b Ravi\b0 - "Is this some stupid personal issue? Why are you doing this? Is it the neighvarro? I can save thunderhead, we can save the surface!"\line\b LH\b0 "I'm going to have to dissappoint you. These missiles are going as far as they possibly can. I'm sending a few even to the elves so they can enjoy the fun."\line\b LH\b0 "With a copy of project adamant, our people will be safe, thunderhead augmented, immune to the plague. All the lies swept away, everyone will know the truth, it'll be over."\line\b Ravi\b0  Look at what I've done to myself to stop you! Tell me the truth!\line\b LH\b0  Because I hate everything!\line I have the Reef for all of it's hypocrisy, politics and lies, I hate thunderhead for it's complacency, I hate the surface for it's weakness and savagery. I hate the past for all it's done, and the future for all it's denied us.\line But most of all Ravi, I HATE-\line *lighthooves gets hit by a chair*\line\line Ravi closes his locket. The broadcast of lighthooves that was in your ears ends.\line A soldier near lighthooves. "You... said this was for thunderhead's freedom."\line "You said this was for the future of my children!"\line "Don't even brand him, just kill him!"\line\line\b LH\b0  - You did this. You all deserve this. Command: snapped strings.\line\line Suddenly every cyber pegasus spasms and falls over. Some managing to cry as they collapse, convulsing in agony. blood spurts from their mouths as they shudder and jerk. A few firing their weapons as they expired.\line\line YOU MURDERER! YOU BETRAYED US ALL!\line A green streak striked lighthooves, it's blows raining down on him.\line "Betrayal is a matter of perspective."\line Lighthooves' wings snap, and he returns the attack. The two blur into green and white streaks, dazzlingly swift amongst the snapping electric cables.\par
The two move too fast to follow. More than once lighthooves the traveler's stealth armor vanished with him as he avoided an attack, only to appear out of nowhere.\line He hammered the laminated steel of lighthooves in a shower of sparks.\line\line Ravi runs to one of the missile terminals.\line "Dealer.. time to make this happen"\line The talisman flashes 3 times, then turns completely red.\line Lighthooves collides with Ravi.\line "ENOUGH!" \b LH\b0\line\line Lighthooves works the nearby terminal quickly. The doors in front of all the missiles began to rise.\line A cool voice emanated from a golden ring on the terminal.\line "Automated launch sequence...Fire one."\line The missile cradle rose, as it flashed outward.\line "Fire two.."\line\line The traveler rushes outside Far off there was a brilliant explosion.\line\line The third missle gets stuck as it launches.\line "Launch error"\line I'LL MANUALLY FIRE THEM ALL MYSELF IF I MUST! I WILL SEE THIS ENDED!\par

\pard\b The fifth missle fails to launch, and explodes. beginning fire damage\line If captured, lighthooves will cast snow burst. He can freely walk over the snow.\b0\line The snow is light and fluffly, but highly resistant to movement, it is 6ft deep.\line It deals 2d6+2 cold damage per round, and required a strength DC 17 to free from.\line Any creature of medium size above the snow will fall back in.\line Any missile explosions or additional fire will obliterate the snow.\line\line\b Ravi can restrain lighthooves\b0\line "I\f1\rquote\f0 m betting that all those augments draw a lot more power than mine. In fact, I\f1\rquote\f0 m\par
pretty sure you\f1\rquote\f0 ve burned through a lot of your reserves. Am I right?\f1\rdblquote\f0  he asked with a smirk."\line\line In any grapple, rocket fuel spreads to the characters. There are barrels scattered around too.\line "Lets see how fireproof you are?" as he tries to soak the player in the fuel with flames spreading to it.\line\line If lighthooves is splashed, he will activate a fire suppression talisman.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\line The encounter ends with ravi standing over a dying lighthooves as he attempts to connect himself to a terminal.\line "They all have to suffer... It all has to end."\line >It is over\line Perception check: Neighvarro are scanning the rooms below, orders to sieve everything.\par
Lighthooves connects himself, wires to the missile cradle. It begins to rise, slowly.\line "Not unless you kill me".\line >I'm not an executioner\line "There's a first time for everything"\line >he says as the cradle tilts further and further.\line\line Ravi kills lighthooves. The machine stops.\line "What was on the paper? The one you kept showing?"\line >Fifteen little letters, ravi fishes out the paper.\line Lighthooves remaining eye widens, and he smiled in honest happiness. "It's over..." he breathed.\line >ravi taps a small talisman from his bags a second time. It blinks red, and he sets it on lighthooves.\line\line Man... now what.\line\line\b Neighvarro storm the tower\line\b0 No less than fifty neighvarro, augmented and not, storm into the tower.\line "Save the missiles! We'll need them later!"\line Surrender! You're weaponless, outnumbered, and injured!.\line You don't have a chance!.\line "I don't need a chance."\line\line\line\b The Megaspell.\b0\line The targeting talisman across the area, once activated in Ravi's hands, will blink red once.  Though it's light is clouded and diminished by the burning rocket fuel everywhere.\line Ravi shows them the note.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/bLNd6bIYvS8 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/bLNd6bIYvS8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  - being playing. read the note in the first four seconds.\line "I have a megaspell"\lang9\line\line The red talisman let out a beep and suddenly everything in the room jerked sideways towards the talisman as a purple aura surrounded the orb.\par

\pard >Morlin Megaspell Complex\par
>Access Megaspell Chamber #8.\par
>Lock target: Target Talisman 12964-239-428J.\par
>Target Locked\par
> Cast Megaspell Y/N?\par
> Y Authorization EC-1101.\par
> Warning, Megaspell #8 at 125% arcane saturation. Do you wish to proceed Y/N?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 > Y\par

\pard\f1\fs30 An orb of purple light flashed out from the middle of the tower, passing through everything as it\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 expanded further and further.\f0\lang1033  \par
>Roll initiative\par
\b\fs22 A flock of Reef pegasi move to stop the party.\par
\lang9 Ravi grabs boo, and flies through broken rubble in the wall.\b0\fs30\lang1033\par

\pard\f1 Then a soft rushing noise filled the air... and it reminded me of the sound of the air blasting out\f0  \f1 of the tower\f0  when rockets launched\f1 . But this wasn\rquote t blowing out. It was sucking in.\f0  \f1 With every bit of energy in my body, I tasked myself with flying away.\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\f1\fs30 A hazy purple field of energy permeating the air seemed to be drawing everything into it. The\par
branches with their gantries and equipment shook wildly, and the whole tower began to sway. The\par
noise and motion filled the air with a bassy groan I was sure would carry for miles. Vortices twisted\par
into the open bay doors like hungry mouths, and I watched as the Neighvarro fliers closest to the\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 Tower were sucked in. The Raptors struggled like \f0\lang1033 boats caught in river rapids.\fs22\lang9\line\line\f1\fs30 Then another purple shell of magic radiated out from the tower, and when it hit me, suddenly it\par
felt like the world had turned on its side.\par
\par
The ring of doors and missiles was gone. So were the walls between the doors. Instead, a\f0\lang1033  \f1\lang9 rumpled seam looped around the Tower where the fabrication level had been, with no gap between\par
the parts of the Tower above and below. \par
The world was still sideways, but the roaring wind cut off\par
entirely; for a moment, silence prevailed.\par
\par
\lang1033 Then a groan, pained, tortured, and so low that it was more felt than heard, echoed across the\f0  \f1 valley. \f0 T \f1 he crease where the \f0 launch\f1  layer had been deepen and as it crept up and\f0  \f1 down the side of the tower.\par
\par
Something was wrong, though: the tower wasn\rquote t falling down, it was falling \i\f2 in\i0\f1 .\par
\par
Another Raptor, straining to get away, was clipped by the end\f0  of debris\f1  as it\f0  \f1 passed. The ship snapped in half, and immediately its debris was pulled inward as well. As I\par
watched, the closer the pieces got to the sphere, the smaller they became,\par
\par
\f0 >Get to the surface, grab something big!\par
>They're over morlin.\f1\par
\par
\f0 >More debris from the surface this time, begins to fly by. Joining the superdense sphere in the peak of what was once the tower.\par
\par
Thunderhead was far away, but damaged pieces of it were plucked like soft wax into the collapse.\par
\fs22\lang9\par
\b Ravi manages to grab the edge of a skyscraper. He casts a superdense barrier, it's light blotting out things nearby. It seems to hold him in place.\line\par
There is brief silence.\par
\b0\f1\fs30 And then \i\f2 another \i0\f1 wave of purple magic swept out, and my direction reversed. No amount of\par
flapping increased our distance from that sphere, and gravity seemed entirely impotent.\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 >If this continues, we might just kill nightseer and the sibl.\par
\par
>\f1 And then another purple wave swept through, but this one was heading in, collapsing around\f0  \f1 the sphere. As it passed through us, I felt one last mighty yank\f0 .\par
\b This yank breaks ravi's hold. the party is slammed into the side of a tilted building in morlin. They are knocked prone.\par
\par
\b0\f1 Then the orb, which \f0 they\f1  guessed was Shadowbolt Tower and everything else that\rquote d been pulled in,\f0  \f1 fell to the earth trailing a great plume of hissing cloud and steam behind it. The sphere shot past\f0   \f1 into the middle of\f0  Morlin.\par
\par
The impact causes the black towers to sway, and punches an enormous hole into the middle of the city.\par
\par
Just above you, there is a whine of engines fighting a losing battle against gravity.\line The dust cloud of the city parted, to reveal a multi-ton clump of metal plunging down upon you.\line You can make out the name "Galeforce" on it's bow, just before the ship strikes.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7H6jpXA7Jg }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7H6jpXA7Jg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs30\par
\par
Fragile existence, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/fpWuamVkCT4 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/fpWuamVkCT4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs30\par
\par
Next session, run aeos and night sky\par
\par
{\fs22\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/PjjNkFUT74k }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/PjjNkFUT74k\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\par
\par
}
 