{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\b\fs36 Ravi wants to see glory at Sarn, she also has a plan he thinks.\fs22\par
\b0 The party arrives at Sarn, it's still a singly concrete floor, but wooden makeshift housing has been made on top. It's bristling with wounded, antiseptic odors, and busy persons moving injured persons.\par
They meet Dr. Triage. The head doctor. Her hair is a thick white, pulled into a bun. It betrays her otherwise youthful human appearance.\line "You need to understand a few things, but we should go. Come."\line "I've honored her request to keep her suffering. Her body is spellscarred, we've used 3 talismans to revive her already. I'm not comfortable administering suffering like this."\line\line They pass a room where Pythia is having a discussion with stormchaser, Psalm, and ronaug. There is a Brood of Amadi elf in here, sitting sadly, unchained, calmly.\line "so how do we use it to make them stop trying to kill us?"\line "You need a soul that will overwhelm what the legate already sent to them."\line -pythia licks a small black cube in Psalm's hand-\line "abadsol's starmetal... hmm.."\line -everyone is weirded-\line "not all starmetal comes from the eater! Trust me, creepy elf shit is my whole deal"\line "The brood are gonna wander like this until some hapless soul floats into them"\line "of course, not all souls are equal.. plenty of cannibal souls out there. But yeah, we can have someone send a better message for now. So the question is... have anyone with experience having their soul liked up to a couple thousand perfect killing machines without going completely insane?"\line\line Glory is kept in a room waiting for them.\line Triage escorts them to her, through a hallway. As the party turns to the hallway, they hear it.\line\highlight1 "Beep."\highlight0\line >oh no...\line\highlight1 "Beep."\highlight0\line >it was... it can't...\par
Stronghoof and a pair of pegasi researchers, and a templar sit on a bench by the wall. Opposite them, is another bench, the diamond dog rover sits on it.\line "We're lucky we had her on a drip of moonstone when the enervation came back on, or she would have died outright, that thing is wantin souls more than ever it seems."\par
Dawn approaches them. She looks weary, not physically, but... burdened, suffering. Her cybernetic wings hang limply on her side.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - tomorrow.\par
\line They walk to the room\line\line Dr. Triage looks at him as you walk. She smirks. "ok.. time to break my oath.\line "did you just call someone a peasant?"\line >it just...slipped out.\line\line\b Dawn, sockets red around her cybernetic eyes. walks with you into the room. With Sky Striker and Dusk. Within, Dusk hugs a pegasus service helmet to her chest.\line Everything is bandanged on the bed in the small room. Only strips of purple mane give a clue to the occupant.\par
\highlight3\b0 Sky Striker accosts Ravi\line "You're supposed to be her friend! Her love! You left her to die!"\line\highlight0 >I'm sorry\line "Look what you've done to her! You're a walking epicenter of death!\line Ravi, flaking off white and blue magics, lifts sky striker by the throat in a fiery rage.\line "Enough, Peasant! How dare you speak to me like that! I have done and endured more than you can imagine!"\line\i Dawn has a razor feather at ravi's throat\i0\line Drop him.\line "Ssshh..." the bandaged glory says.\line "Daddy.. you promised."\line "I'm NOT killing him. Skies above I want to! Left my power armor outside."\line Dawn and dusk embrace sky striker, as they begin to exit.\line "Meeting you was the worst possible thing that happened to our family"\line He walks back to dusk after being let down. She escorts him out.\line\b\line "They're here glory..."\line "T.. thank you..." dawn murmers, she turns to the party and leaves.\par
Ravi- \b0  They have to help her!\line\i They, did. \i0  triage says.\line Stasis! \i They're all gone.\line\i0 Cybernetics! \i  She's too extensively damaged, and we don't have the materials.\line\i0 A healing talisman! \i Used three. Plucked right from the brood. they burn out.\line\i0 A.. A blank! \i we have a twig from the tree. If we clone her one limb at a time and sew them together. maybe. But we'd need a pair of necromancers to move her soul around.\line\i0 Try! What didn't you?!\line\i Because I've got 200 other patients to juddle right now, and one healing spell.\line And if you don't like it, tough. It's my job, I've already wasted tons of resources keeping her alive this long.\line People die! I'm just an ER doc way over her damn head here.\i0\line Her mask of professionalism had slipped, she wipes tears away.\line\line Ravi says hollowly. "I'm sorry triage. Thank you for your help."\b\par
\b0 Triage prepares a milky white concoction, and puts it in\line What's that? Ravi asks.\line "An elven concoction... it'll help her talk, per her request."\line\line\i I need to get going. My magic may be burned, but I can still sew and suture.\i0\line\line "she's going to kill him doctor!"\line "Strong made a joke about Psalm being as pretty as a goddess and she's going to blast him!"\line "thats... one of the more interesting combinations. I will be away. Goodness be with you all. That medication will take a minute to take effect, glory. Everyone only gets that one once, so get in what you can while you don't struggle to talk."\par
Could you... do.. one of those mindscapes?\line Like you shared... with.. the star.\par
\b Ravi is concerned how she knew that. She could do this since she was put on moonstone for painkilling.\b0\line\line "oh... now this is better."\line\line All of you sit on a cloud in the sky.\line Ravi curls his arms around the pegasi's waist.\line "it's ok" "it's not. I failed!"\line "you didn't"\line "I did! I feel like im turning into selena, or someone who isn't me!"\line "Don't worry about that. I have something to tell you. I've been thinking about how you can beat the eater."\line She briefly acosts ravi for thunderhead.\line "We only have these moments, and i'm criticizing you.." She sniffs wetly.\line "I wish things could have been different between us... happier" she says.\line\line "But I need to talk. I have a way to beat the eater."\line\line The vision you were shown by Tom appears.\line\line The planet's surface, clouds above, and Tom hurdling towards it. A cylinder of Fade shields around the city of morlin, a hollow tube for Tom to fall into, and be captured by a cradle of shields at the bottom.\line G "it has to do with the shields."\line R "But if we drop the shields... everyone dies."\line G "Yes.. but what if you only take down half of them?"\line\line The shield generators that defended the city are the cradle. They were on the roofs of buildings that fell into the pit. Their generators will still conjure them where the eater wants.\line\line She points a wing at the cradle of shields in the tube. Six dots light up.\line "These points will form the aperture to hold the stone while the eater feeds."\line "disable those six before tom hits. and it'll be a chute right to the eater. The explosion will force upward, not outward. Yes, what's left of morlin will be molten, but most of the force will escape the planet."\par
Light gushes up the chute of shields like a canon blast into space.\par
"Underground the diamond dogs found a route from old morlin's tunnel, into the core of the city. You'll need moonstone to break the starmetal casing of the generators. And enough to keep you save from the enervation."\line\line\cf4\b\fs24 Ravi sighs. "that moonstone.. amazing stuff"\line "You have a heart of moonstone" glory says\line "How are our babies?"\line "They're alive. Triage needs someone for the surrogacy spell, she's looking for a match."\line\cf0\b0\fs22\line "You have to take out the generators before the shields go up. Once a FADE shield is active, it sucks energy from whatever is hitting it to sustain itself. They're greedy power drains though..."\line "Glory.." Ravi murmurs.\line "There's so much to do, so much that has to go right." She says, struggling to lift herself.\line\line Ravi holds her tightly.\line "I'll take care of it, then we can be together on the other side."\line "You have to live."\line "You have to go into this fight wanting to live. Everyone does."\line Ravi siezes, his tears dripping onto glory.\line "I don't know if I can. How can I live when everything is being taken from me? Over and over. It's just too much!"\line\line Glory stands. She walks ravi to the party. and wraps all of you in her small wings.\line\line "It'll be okay. Life can be hard, and painful, and lonely. but it can also be... wonderful... if given the chance..."\line\line her voice becoming more indistinct. The light of the clouds passes away, the illusions gone.\line "Live. Live.. and make it better."\line The last shreds of light vanish from the sky, until nothing remained.\line\line\line You hear the whine of a pegasus machine...\line Ravi is holding glory tightly in embrace, even though she is gone.\line He kisses her bandaged brow and whispers softly.\line "I love you."\par
\par
Ravi turns about, "I need a few minutes."\line he mutters as he leaves.\line "Don't think, don't feel. Do what you have to do. Stand upright.  Remember what your sist- UGH. Be cool. \line\par
\par
"I don't care if 200 of them turn out to be the nicest abominations ever. Use the cube, and shut em' down! We're expended! no more reinforcements, and theres two thousand of these things out there!" Stormchaser gestures to the brood, it flinches.\line\line Ravi approaches.\line "why did you stop fighting?"\line "I didn't want to. I couldn't hear it wanting me to kill."\line "What are you? Don't think, just answer"\line "A human blacksmith Ma'am.. I worry about my children, but I know I don't have them. This body is all wrong."\line\line Pythia startles the party. I've got somewhere to be, pick good!\line She teleports away.\par
\par
Return to Play 18\line "\b Otherwise, Stormchaser finds them, "\b0\par
}
 