{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs30\lang9\ldblquote What\rquote s so funny?\rdblquote  the Legate demanded.\par
\ldblquote Us,\rdblquote  Goldenblood laughed. \ldblquote The two of us with our ridiculously convoluted plans to kill\par
everypony... me to save the world, and you to end it. It\rquote s hilarious!\rdblquote  The raw laughter prompted the\par
Legate to slam him into the ground at the edge of the white building that I now identified as the M.o.I.\par
hub.\par
\ldblquote\i\f1 Your \i0\f0 plans?! You were used! My master used you! I serve \i\f1 willingly\i0\f0 . I will help it devour every\par
last spark of life in the universe!\rdblquote  he shouted.\par
\ldblquote Yeah. Brilliant life, that. You might have been better just having a family. I know I would have,\rdblquote\par
Goldenblood quipped.\par
Then the Legate swept him up and shouted in his face, \ldblquote Do you think I haven\rquote t loved?!\rdblquote\par
Goldenblood stared as the Legate seethed. \ldblquote I\rquote ve lived for thousands of years. Thousands! Even\par
as a Starkatteri and Proditor, I\rquote ve found love. Passion. Joy, even! All it does is rot! One death after\par
another. I\rquote ve had wives turn into decrepit bags of bone and sinew. Lovers turn old and dull and fat.\par
I\rquote ve watched children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren die over and over. Violence! Disease!\par
Despair! Again and again. I\rquote ve endured centuries alone because it numbed the pain of one parting\par
after the next! Life is a curse! It is punishment! It is a joke! We live for fleeting years and then perish\par
just so our offspring can do the same as well. Madness!\rdblquote\par
He threw Goldenblood back to the ground with a snapping of more bone, then glowered down\par
into the pit. \ldblquote Life is a lot like you, Goldenblood. A rancid, festering corpse that, by some cruel joke of\par
the universe, keeps struggling on, spreading pain and suffering. And I will crush it and you, you rotten\par
little worm, under my hooves. I will end the joke and take my war to the stars so that they, too, can\par
find the peace of nonexistence. I will destroy everything. I am the great cleanser, and this world is\par
merely the first tiny baby step of my grand campaign. Do you understand? Are you even capable of\par
grasping the scope of my plans? This is nothing. \i\f1 You \i0\f0 are nothing. You pathetic little mortals just don\rquote t\par
realize it yet!\rdblquote\par
Goldenblood simply lay there staring up at him monologuing. \i\f1 I tried to kill everyone out of a\par
misguided duty to Equestria. Destruction the only redemption I could conceive. How shameful.\par
How petty. How foolish. But all this hate... this malice... Millennia of life, and this is what you\par
desire? \i0\f0\ldblquote This is what you do with immortality,\rdblquote  he said with disgust. \ldblquote Pathetic.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is what every immortal does, eventually,\rdblquote  he answered, then stared at the setting sun.\par
\ldblquote Every immortal craves an ending. If we don\rquote t get it, we\rquote ll create it.\rdblquote  He then looked back down into\par
the streets. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing for it. Hopefully there\rquote s enough. Pity. I really wanted more foals for\par
this.\rdblquote  He raised his head and closed his eyes. A moment later the building started to tremble. \ldblquote Now,\rdblquote\par
he breathed.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  Goldenblood asked as the shaking grew. \ldblquote You\rquote re turning the Enervation\par
back on, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  he shouted in alarm.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly. What a waste that would be.\rdblquote  He opened his eyes and pointed a hoof at a\par
building across the pit as the shaking grew. A shriek filled the air from countless throats. Then the\par
building erupted in a great fountaining of red gore. The viscous material poured out of the broken top,\par
assembling into all manner of crawling, pinching, stinging monstrosities. Another building erupted.\par
And another. Torrents of thick red goo surged out windows and through cracks and up grates. They\par
turned into swarms of flying things with stingers and pincers. Collected into great spiders. Lumped\par
into enormous, monstrous shapes that lumbered down the streets.\par
At the same time, swarms of mechasprites swept in and with their wings and lasers cut off those\par
trying to flee. Those caught by the great oozing mass seemed to be assimilated by it, swelling\par
grotesquely as they screamed in agony on the screens. The Legate watched the scenes with a look of\par
profound frustration as the mechasprites seemed to jam augments into hemmed-in ponies almost at\par
random, creating horrors that tried to totter or limp away before the red mass snared and consumed\par
them.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  he muttered at the screens. \ldblquote Come on! Your time is almost up! Here I am! Look at\par
\par

\pard what\rquote s coming! You\rquote re great and powerful and afraid! Give in to your terror! Use it! Use your great\par
and overwhelming power before it\rquote s too late! Use it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you talking about? What are you... \rdblquote  Goldenblood trailed off. \ldblquote Oh no\'81\'63Celestia One...\par
\rdblquote  And his eyes turned to the skies.\par
The clear and open air above Hoofington west of the Core seemed to shimmer, and golden lines\par
of light began to coalesce into rings. Rings with their centers angled towards the setting sun. The\par
golden rings began to spin. \ldblquote Yes... \rdblquote  the Legate breathed as he stared at the light. \ldblquote Yes. Yes! Do it! Do\par
it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Goldenblood shouted... and then was blinded by an immense, blazing glow as the light of\par
the setting sun focused like the beam of a magnifying glass, only to be interrupted by a field of magic\par
surrounding the M.O.I. hub. The Legate laughed in glee as the energy poured into the shield with\par
abandon, and the shaking suddenly increased.\par
\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  he cried out, forehooves thrust to the heavens, his shadow stark and absolute as it fell\par
across Goldenblood.\par
And it wasn\rquote t the only one. These weren\rquote t thin javelin-like beams of energy but rivers of fire in\par
the sky. More beams blasted down from those rings, sweeping across the monstrosities pouring out of\par
the skyscrapers. These weren\rquote t protected by shields, and the flesh incinerated with a horrible sweet\par
stench of burning meat and glass. One by one, the beams of scorching light crawled through the Core\par
and lit one building after another alight. Some disintegrated instantly, but others were reinforced\par
enough that a casual brushing of the megaspell was only sufficient to turn them into blazing torches.\par
Often, inexplicably, the beams struck magical fields that seemed to suck in the energy briefly before\par
sweeping away to hit other areas of the Core, some with their own shields, some without.\par
And the Legate laughed in triumph, tears of joy streaking his cheeks.\par
The sun slipped down below the horizon, and the megaspell continued to pour on power for\par
another minute or two before it winked out as well. The Core burned, but still it stood. Five minutes\par
hadn\rquote t been enough to melt the city to its bedrock. Great heaps of meat sizzled like overcooked steaks\par
while the mechasprite swarms had been rendered into bubbling puddles of slag. Half the monitor\par
screens showed only static. All was still. All silent.\par
Then the lights came on. One by one, the towers that weren\rquote t aflame lit up. Green lines outlined\par
and illuminated the streets below. Countless televisions and radios began to play old prewar tunes.\par
The rotted remains of the lives that had lived here before lay naked and exposed and ugly for all to\par
see. Along the wall and tower tops, talismans flashed and winked.\par
Nopony spoke. Then, \ldblquote What did you do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harvested more energy in five minutes than I could have in years,\rdblquote  the Legate said as he smiled\par
out at the illuminated ghost that was the Core.\par
\ldblquote For what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This,\rdblquote  the Legate said with a smile, and the towers began to shake once more. Only this time\par
there was no relenting, the trembling growing louder and louder.\par
Suddenly, the side of a nearby tower exploded. A long, gleaming silver shaft erupted sideways\par
from the obsidian monolith, sending immense black panels tumbling down into the street below. A\par
matching shaft burst forth from the building on the other side of the street, and the two shafts met\par
above the road. The fingers on the ends of each shaft enmeshed perfectly, and, with a hiss of gas,\par
hundreds of bolts slammed into place to lock them together. This happened again with another pair of\par
buildings. And again, and again, throughout the Core.\par
Then the shafts began to turn.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The skyscrapers began to move.\f2\fs22\par
}
 