{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green23\blue137;\red0\green77\blue187;\red192\green192\blue192;\red128\green128\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Nightseer and Tom\line\line\b\lang1033 Only cantrips can be cast without an arcana DC of 25 to filter the moonstone noise.\line A sawblade from the planet will blast through a window during the slaughter encounter, pulling a partymember and slaughter outside.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/7zE9aYzAHMU }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/7zE9aYzAHMU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - ship ambience\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Dd91LPwFAMk }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Dd91LPwFAMk\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Temple Ambience\par

\pard\b0\lang9 The chamber nightseer enters, has a very obviously placed throne within. There are fade shields in a cylinder surrounding the throne area attached to supports and wires from the ceiling above, though they are not active. The throne is placed over the projectile. It seems as if when activated it would endanger the occupant.\line Intelligence rolls to see if people see it as a command center, or a trap goldenblood set for selena.\line\line A layer of small pipes, wires, and instruments blocks vision 10ft below the walkway.\line The layer is 10ft thick, and then below that, another 10ft to a set of catwalks. (a 30ft drop to the catwalks)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\line Some wires hang in the ceiling high 100ft above. Small devices dangle from them, the faint hexagonal outline of inactive fade shields present amongst them. A large glass dome spans over the immense 600ft crater. a dull blue glow pulses below. Periodically a rumble echoes out.\line The party can see flux being charged into containers below. \line Perception- A PC can realize it isn't a super-deep black void, but a pit of unknown depth with flux only 100ft below.\par
Below the main blue metal walkways, are tenuous catwalks, connected precariously to independent structs attached into several large wall-like structures that emerge from the dark pits below.\par
Large machines, reservoires, and other things protrude from the darkness like lit islands of technology amongst the void, catwalks, and pipes.\line\line Echo walks about the lower areas, preparing various terminals.\par
\b If The party catches echo.\line "\b0 She's what we deserve, we fucked it all up, we deserve a monster like her."\line "You don't get to make that call, neither do i."\b\line\b0 Ravi enforces "nobody deserves to lose a chance, ever. Everyone gets as many chances as can be given them, until they are undone.\line\line "I knew you'd forgive me, after so long with you. That made it so much worse."\line "yeah, im here, alive,  and I forgive you, now you're gonna help us."\line Echo stutters.\line\cf2\line "how can you trust me to help you after all I've done to you?"\line The party can hear echo's thoughts. -Ok.. I'll do it right.. for once.-\line\line "ok, echo, help tumeaux to stop this thing. I need you to help out with nightseer and my body once that's done."\line\par
\b Either closing the echo interrogation, or prior\line "Ok everyone... we're gonna stop new dawn from firing."\b0\par
\cf0\par
\par

\pard You've had many experiences with things in your mind. Supernaturals, memory orbs, hiveminds, illusions, dead gods.\line This was new.\line\fs28\line\cf3\i NO! New Dawn MUST FIRE! THE EATER OF SOULS MUST DIE!\line\cf2\i0 Ravi yells "too loud!" \line\cf3\i OH. SORRY. I\rquote LL TRY AND TURN DOWN THE VOLUME.\line  \cf2\i0 The voice said with a lower rumble.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\i HOW\rquote S THIS?\line\cf2\i0\fs22 Within the massive moonstone, the light swirls within, coalescing into a gargantuan man-shaped outline with wings, potentially raising theological questions.\line The man's eyes were ovals filled with bluish light.\cf3\i\fs28\line\f1\fs30 CALL ME TOM.\line\line\cf2\i0\f0\fs22 Tom insists the projectile must fire. \line "Stupid wizards and their stupid magic living stupid wizard lives." - Slaughter.\line "Look, I don't want everyone I know to die, and we don't have time to argue."\line\cf3\f2\fs30 AH! EASILY REMEDIED!\f0\lang1033  \cf0\f2 The glowing blue eyes flare brightly.\line\line {\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - ether\f2\fs30\par
\f0\fs22 Each partymember is thrust into a comfortable dreamscape. Chapel, Taverns, Farms, etc.\line Tapa - "This isn't the chapel, it's way too clean"\line Ravi - "That's because it's from your head."\line Tumeaux - "Oh, that explains why only half of pen-gamead is here."\line The partymembers are free to construct a scene from which they are comfortable, and an entity to speak with. "What would Tom think is a comfortable place for each of you?"\line\b Taran\b0 , the public library of morlin. Tumeaux speaks with him.\line\b Sidney, \b0  Star-house with Ravi.\line You all however, see each other. Ravi sets next to a faint Morning Glory.\line\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/-tQDXeTuoe0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - ether\line Tom shows them the future he knows, the planet screaming below, life slowly being strangled. The impact of New Dawn. It looks as if all live is annihilated. The eater however is cleansed in a great sparkle of soul motes passing into the everafter.\line "What's the point of this?\line Your view flies over the coasts, various ruins, the SPP hub cracked like an egg on a mountain wall.\line Then, pebbles roll away near a field, as rocks shift. Within the heap of gravel and mud, the puniest, sickliest grass you've ever seen. But it was alive.\line "That"\line\line "That's it?"\line -wait-\line the sun and moon become flickering bands of gold and silver as innumerable years pass.\line Rain falls, snow. Glowing golden motes from the stars beyond fall to the planet, some grown from within.\line Animals begin to walk, crawl, talk.\line The world Aethus transforms profoundly, hard to believe it should be any other way.\line Deeper and more vibrant oceans, green life, and lights, the first sparks of civilization.\line\line "Screw that!" Slaughter says\line "That's like the angel. Peace only through death? Hell no!"\line Ravi hugs slaughter.\line\line\cf4\i\fs28 There was a way to save more. but sadly, it was undone.\line His eyes snap to Ravi.\line "Death is not an ending. Our matter, is rented from the universe. We borrow it for a time, gaining a chance to change the world.\line Your carbon may have been a tree millions of years ago, in ten million more perhaps a diamond. While you, free of your body, will continue to sing the song you began far before you could ever remember, on into the future further than you or I could ever grasp. The song you sing even now, though you cannot always hear it."\par
\par
\par
\cf2\i0\fs22 "What if New Dawn doesn't go off, or if it doesn't destroy the eater?"\line You hover over morlin. There is no fighting. Everything still and quiet. Time accelerates again.\line The meager greenery below dwindles, the valley turns gray. Even with clear skies, life labored. Seas slowly became the color of lead, lands opposite the world begin to brown.\line The moon and sun drift closer, a momentary firework, darkening to nothing.\line A shriveled shell, floating like a dark frozen rock in a dimmer, emptier universe.\line\line "That's fucked up" - Slaughter.\line "So what everyone did before this, was worthless?"\line\cf4\i\fs28 No. It bought time and hope. This demise would be sooner and surer without many of the heroic burdens carried.\line The eater is a parasite. By the time it woke from the trauma of its fall, the world had recovered. For eons, new life exceeded whatit could consume. But the cataclysm struck, now more life is eaten than renewed. With each yearp, the cycle is impoverished. Exhaustion will take millennia perhaps, but is inevitable.\par
\cf2\i0\fs22 "What if we just drop little bits of moonstone on it? Kill it over a while?"\line\b "The eater can convert moonstone to starmetal before it explodes in small amounts.  It would be what the eater, and your enemy, want. It claims the spiritual energy of the stone."\b0\line\line\b "More important than the stone, is the soul it contains. Small precious fragments of me exist on your world. "\b0\line\line "What if Nightseer \i can\i0  control it? wouldn't everyone get to live?"\line\b "Even if she could, she gave up the only kind of body that could have resisted the Eater's influence. She would be controlled in turn. Machines are simple."\b0\line\line You see morlin. Millions of creatures, Griffon, Human, Elf, Dwarf, Orc, Kenku, all living together in the metropolis.\line All augmented.\line All quiet.\line "They're wired together."\line That isn't coincidence.\line\b The eater encourages things which lead to replacing flesh, and removing chaos.\line More predictable, blunts the chaotic mix of individuality.\line But from chaos, can bloom life. The constant slurry of chemical reactions, hormones, metabolic shifts, replaced by predictable, regulated systems.\line\line "You may note I have this conversation with you four, not nightseer. For her, it would be futile, she is predictable, controlled."\line\line\b0 We still can't let New Dawn fire. I refuse to give up! I won't just write them off while they're fighting for their lives!\par
\cf4\b\fs24\lang9 This isn't about them, or you. This is about the universe. Aethus could... should... be a contributor to the great song.\b0\line\line\cf2 Then why doesn't the universe give us some help?\line Tom smiles. "What do you think I'm here for?"\par
"But... didn't the Eater trick Goldenblood to bind you?" Tumeaux asks.\par

\pard\cf0\f2\fs30 Tom smiled. \cf4\fs28\ldblquote\f0 Yes. It was quite helpful. The Eater needs a star spirit. I will be that spirit. But I have not weakened myself by struggling against my restraints. I\f2\rquote\f0 ve waited, patiently. And when we meet, he will not have a spirit enfeebled by exhaustion to devour, but a star of greater or equal might. And even if it costs my existence, it is a price I must pay.\f2\rdblquote\f0  His smile vanished, and his eyes turned hard. \f2\ldblquote\f0 The Eater is one of my kind, one who should have returned its essence to the cycle long ago. My passing\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 is a small, inadequate recompense for the harm it has perpetrated.\f2\rdblquote\par
\cf2\f0\fs22 Slaughter - "But the Legate has a plan to catch you! He's going to feed you to the eater! What would happen then?"\line\line\b The alternative... no. You must stop Nightseer from altering course.Then allow New Dawn to fire.\par
\b0 "What happens to us? Do we just live on the moon then?"\par
\b "If you like. the detonation fo the flux below would be more that sufficient to vaporize your talisman."\par
\b0 Slaughter questions his certainty, excitibly. The chaotic energies would shred the necromantic enchantments like tissue paper, and release the souls within.\par
"But what if the eater catches you?"  - Ravi\par
\b There is a flash, and a smoldering of green light. An enervation scream like no other, permeating through even space. Rivers of souls pouring to the eater, from over seas, as creatures popped like crushed eggs. A baleful green star erodes away the planet.\line A horrible silvery thing bathed in green rose from the earth, formerly where morlin was, but so much larger. Almost out-scoping the planet at it's peak. The existence of such a thing rips at your sanity.\b0\par
"Damn... something like that... New Dawn almost makes sense."\line "I knew... If.. if she were here. She would figure out some solution."\line Ravi puts his hand on his shoulder, as if meeting someone's invisible touch.\line "Please... tell me this is real, and not in my head..." There is nothing there.\line\line Ravi looks at Tom.\line "No."\par
\b You must not understand...\b0\line "I understand plenty. I'm going to struggle to be better than this. To struggle for everyone fighting, everyone that couldn't. I understand you think this is the only thing we can do. But you're a fool if you think i am going to help murder everyone I love and care for."\par
The star is shocked.\par
"We'll stop New Dawn, and Nightseer, and kill the Eater, without everyone dying."\par
There is a nasaly laugh, cacophonus. Discord's laugh.\line Discord you're dead! "As a doornail!, but that detail wont keep me from this moment."\line I \i TOLD\i0  you he'd never take your offer. so Entertaining! 10 gold, pay up!.\par
It's irrational.\line Of course it is! Rationality and reason never triumph over needs. You could give them all the futures you want, and they're still going to fight for the one \i they\i0  want.\line And, you could give them all the details, they'd tell you to shove it where the sun doesn't shine.\line A remarkable feat for a star like yourself.\par
"Their actions may doom the planet!"\line "So? the point of choice is not knowing the future, it isn't a choice if you do! It's an easy trap to fall into, look at nighty, at moldy goldy, even Sillyena and Caeluminary. All certain what they think had to be done."\par
\par
Tom questions the party's selfishness. This is refuted "Those lives don't exist yet, they might not exist anyway, they aren't more important than us because they come later, or there \i MIGHT\i0  be more of them."\line\line\b told you. discord laughs\b0\par
If only the other stars would help...Not all of them care... It's so small, so weak already. Their solutions to resolving the eater were more... immediate.\line A brilliant beam of energy on the planet, it reappears only for three puffs of flame to consume the moon and world whole. The planet shows in the night again.\line Something massive passes by, the sun, moon, and aethus vanish entirely.\line\line Some stars aren't even watching... there isn't any modicum of a chance, no reason to observe the outcome beyond the one I've told you.\line\line Those that do care and we do... believe me.. they have their own trials and problems keeping them from acting. Other threats, not unlike the eater, some worse.\line My world was lost long ago... the eater's detonation to it to pieces.\line I will give all I can to stop him and make up for my failure.\par
"If we all die doing our best.. I can accept that. But if our best is choosing to let everyone die, even if it works, I can't. Life matters." Tumeaux slams his hand on a wooden desk he is sitting behind.\par
Lets get back to stopping nightseer, and save the world, kill the eater.\line "How..." Tom says.\line\line "We'll figure it out."\line Discord adds, the future is uncertain. A little bit of chaos at the right moment, can change everything. Sometimes these 'mere mortals' can accomplish truly staggering feats.\line "heck, they killed me, twice"\par
\b It's your world. If you have the maturity to make such a decision. I will honor it.\line\b0\line "Even if we must live alongside the eater, we'll deny him in every way we can. Perhaps some day, deal with it safely."\par
\b how.. unexpected\par
\b0 Tapa Scott asks, "What if... what if we have to kill you to survive? What if we find a weapon to stop you?"\b\par
Do not fear for me... even if you must destroy me to your ends. I will endure.\line Discord adds "If not as a spirit, as a memory."\line I may pass on. Perhaps I will return to the great song. \b0\par
\b I think you are making a mistake. The falling of one of our own will be rectified one way or another. I have faith though, that you mortals will make it so by your struggle.\par
The future is uncertain. Do your best.\b0\line The already stunted time in the dreamscape stops. Something larger... more significant... perhaps wiser, addresses you from a place beyond perception.\line\cf4\highlight5\fs28 And when he wishes you good luck, he really means that when you cast a choice out into the unknown, a decision without certainty, that maybe, a little bit of chaos is on your side.\highlight6\line\cf2\highlight0\b\fs22 And good luck\b0 .\par
\par
Slaughter- "Wait! let us think in here."\line Ravi - "i'll work on Echo. We'll need him to get nightseer out of my old body, and me back in. Slaughter... do what you do best."\par
Tumeaux - I'll find a way to manipulate some of the magics affecting the spell, there have to be assisting talismans.\line Tapa, see if you can get the perceptitron to work both ways. If Everyone else can secure echo's assistance, and subdue nightseer, we might get away with this.\line\line\b Sweet! I'll finally have the chance to stun them with my interpretive dance!\b0  He jumps to his hindlegs and strikes a funny pose.\line "Oh I like him. Like the pink one with half the giggles, but twice the mayhem!" Discord's head corkscrews over and kisses slaughter on the cheek.\line "Hey! I'm supposed to be a kid or something, you pervert!"\par
\par
All right! One more game, and the whole world's in the pot!\line\cf7\highlight2\fs36 "Double or nothing?" discord says.\cf2\highlight0\fs22\par
The party plays their game of cards.\par
They land in a dreamscape. Star house.\line An illusory Glory prepares a meal in the kitchen. Something with Cinnamon.\line You sit at a large, partially cared for, wooden table. Splinters are a mild concern, but you're comfortable here.\line Echo, Ravi, Tumeaux, Tapa, Ronaug ,and Slaughter sit at it with you.\line\line\b They play a hand of blackjack.\line Tumeaux busts, Tapa gets a 21, Ravi loses, Slaughter gets a 20, echo busts.\line Slaughter gets angry, and goes to the kitchen to get some food.\line Ronaug, gets a 20 then stands up to leave, he goes to play with the reapers in their poker game at chapel.\line\line Sidney 22\line Taran 18\line\b0\line\line\line Tumeaux runs to a neaby magical access conduit. Adjacent to it, a high technology terminal, like that of the pegasi, but far more refined materials.\line\i Bad news\i0  he uses the moonstone telepathy to tell everyone.\line Damn... Tumeaux thinks grimly.\line "New dawn is going to fire... well, New Dawn has already fired... The flux reaction just hasn't finished yet. 15 minutes. Good enough to hit right where nightseer wants. If we can delay it long enough, an hour or so, we can make it miss.\par
The deep black void below you becomes a small bit more rainbowish.\par
"We can't make it miss without using the interface on the throne. And there's a nasty trap around it. It'll pop up fade shields and seal you inside the moment you do."\cf0\line\cf2\par
There is a deep Thrum as the light below shimmers. small Debris falls from the ceiling.\line Tumeaux staggers, blood foaming from his mouth. He screams in pain.\line\b the party rolls a dex save, and initiative. Nightseer has 1d12 spines to throw. (6)\line\line {\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/OgBGD9sEu0c }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/OgBGD9sEu0c\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\b0\f0\fs22\lang1033  - nightmare moon, lunar princess\cf2\lang9\line Tumeaux is pinned to the catwalk, a narrow sharped rod pierces him like a kneeling butterfly on display. His eyes still on the magical conduit in front of him.\line\cf0 "Refresh, recharge, pause, discharge, cool"\line\line\line Nightseer lowers her hand.\line In the silence of the lunar palace, you can the bristling motion of the many sprites surrounding her. \b X (\b0 remaining spires) floating sharpened hollow steel rods float around her, lathered in a greenish mix of purple and gold magic.\line "A taste of things to come", she mocks.\cf2\line\par
\highlight5\fs48 THE FIGHT WITH NIGHTSEER COMMENCES.\par
\line\par
{\cf0\highlight0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/c58iTdnCKaA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/c58iTdnCKaA\ul0\cf0}}}}\highlight0\f0\fs22  - everything is mine\line Nightseer sends paralysis and cold motes at the party.\line Spice flies and uses twinblades, she throws a number of blue spark grenades at the party\line\b IF SPICE DIES, HER GRENADES MUST LAND IN A BANDOLIER ON THE PLATFORM.\line TUMEAUX MUST HAVE ACCESS TO THESE.\b0\line Bastard uses his revolvers, and infinite mags if he needs. Bastard can be convinced to betray nightseer.\line Nightseer plays as a beholder after exhausting her steel spires. She must close her eyes to use her sprites.\line She can utlize a red cutting beam, or a pillar of light.\par
\b NO!\b0  \line Ravi will raise his gunblade, Vigilance, and fire a pair of potent magic bullets at nightseer as he runs to Tumeaux.\line You hear ravi's thoughts.\line HealingpotionHealingpotionHealingpotionHealingpotion\line "I lost glory, I won't lose anyone else!"\par
\par
Nightseer uses her cutting beam, and slaughter thinks \line "Oh, maybe she'll hit me with one of those!"\par
\par
\b During the fight, nightseer will knock the party below the walkways.\b0\par
\b Ravi should confront echo for help if he hasn't already.\line\b0 -I need your help damnit, you saw the vision too right?"\line "how can you trust me to help you after all I've done to you?"\line The party can hear echo's thoughts. -Ok.. I'll do it right.. for once.-\line\line "ok, echo, help tumeaux. I need you to help out with nightseer and my body once we get her down here."\par
Ravi will taunt nightseer mercilessly "Hey princess fuckslut, still alive down here!"\line "You're using red magic! she was the queen of dreams and the night! get her powers right you nut!"\par
you're beginning to hear nightseer's thoughts.\line "I can't kill them instantly. they must suffer, despair. I must prove them wrong, break them!"\par
The next player to be aimed at by nightseer feels heat. then notices she is casting a narrowing red beam on them.\par
Slaughter will engage someone, they destroy his armor.\par
\par
\b During the fight\b0\line "She altered the course!" Echo says\line A voice speaks over all the noise in the chamber.\line "You're a tyrant." it's goldenblood.\line "A monster unrepentant. You could have spared Aethus the nightmare I wrought. Instead, you demonstrated that you are unworthy of rulership. With this spell I will correct the mistake I made, your majesty.!"\par
The wires in the ceiling ignite with magic, fade shields spring into existence around the chamber, trapping everyone on the platform. (must include nightseer)\line "How dare he!? He dare he try to trap the Queen of the world?"\par
\par
Eventually, the power flickers, and the fade shields vanish. Nightseer has been channeling intense psionic magic the whole time.\par
\par
\b Ending the fight-\line\b0 She eventually levitates The entire party up after a long channel. you hear her thoughts.\line "how to make this hurt them the most? burn them alive? He was their little friend, maybe his daughter? No... that won't hurt sidney as much."\line She levitates tumeaux closer.\line "any last words?" she asks tumeaux.\par
"Yeah..."\line He lowers his face into his hat. \line "They aren't spells, but they sure are magical."\line He raises his head, dangling from his lips a half dozen blue metal stems.\line\line The detonation is like a lightning storm as the spark batteries detonate. Many powered elements in the building briefly fail, some girders and broken glass fall from the ceiling as small sprites rush to quickly patch the holes.\line For everyone in their mostly organic bodies, and distance, the detonation wasn't awful.\line Nightseer though, was much closer.\par
Her talismans struggle, and die.\par
The party falls to the ground.\line They must either kill the psion and her spark grenades now, or otherwise neutralize her if she is active.\par
\par
\b OK. Put me back!\b0\line Ravi has echo and Tapa get him back in his body. Nightseer screams all the while.\line "what do we do with her?" tapa asks.\line "Bind send her to something, maybe the necklace, it's useless now."\line\line "No! You'll die! All of you will die! Die Die Die! I hate you all! Hate Hate Hate!"\line She thrashes her body, weakly, but effortfully.\line "They really should have made you better" Tapa says.\par
Nightseer lances a crimson beam across everyone.\line It mortally wounds echo.\line A red glow builds around everyone as echo's spell finishes.\line No! No! nightseer screams.\line\line The world swirls away.\line You hear echo's voice, pained, calm.\line "I did it right this time... I regret everything I did outside of this one moment, and the ones with my friends. I'll see you on the other side spitfire and llandor, I hope ires will be there too. \line You guys better leave, he can't keep the fire delayed much longer. Good luck."\par
\par
\par
{\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/qXovrRjP61A }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/qXovrRjP61A\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Winter depression\par

\pard\cf0\highlight8\b From her body, emerges the soul of Selena\highlight0\b0 . The immediate area is thrust into a dreamscape.\line it initially starts as nightmares of wrongs the players have chosen.\line The black and purple aasimar queen selena is sitting in it holding her head, crying.\line The environment flashes from the warfields, to the pink cloud in morlin.\line\line "I know people whose mistakes have killed millions..." Ravi whispers.\line Then to Nightseer using her soul's tremendous power to slay numerous enemies, her magic to observe the party.\line "I was the little sister. I had to be better than her. I could have stepped aside."\line "I... I renewed a war with the elves... It all went so wrong, millions died."\line Ravi approaches her.\line "Hey.. I know a lot of what you've done. You made mistakes, me too. I don't know if we'll ever be forgiven... but...\line >I ordered the deaths of millions, and caused the death of tens of millions of elves over the war.\line >No matter how you regard it. I am evil.\line\line The dream shifts, showing psalm at an orphanage, and Selena helping children with their nightmares with her magic.\line "Psalm... I'm so sorry."\line I know you're a good person, even if you don't think you are"\line The nightmares fade. you find yourself sitting in a dream of ankle-deep slightly cool water.\line "You're a good person too... Ravi. Even if you don't think you are."\line She then asks.. "what do we do now?"\line\line As the two begin to speak, a circle of water surrounding them begins to light, as if starry moonlight.\line All shapes and forms slip away from the dream, until souls remain.\line\line\f2\ldblquote\f0 We do everything we can to make up for it, knowing that we\f2\rquote\f0 ll never\par
succeed in getting rid of the guilt. We devote ourselves to spending every second trying to do better\par
despite the fact that it will never be enough. And we pray with every single good act we do that\par
somehow, when our lives are over, that our lifetimes will come close to making up for the wrong we\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 committed.\f2\rdblquote\line\line\f0\lang1033 The light brightens until the darkness is no more. pieces of her soul break and melt into a river of moonlight, It flows through everyone, a lingering sense of power within you. The sensation of being levitated forms as you reawaken into the world.\f2\lang9\line\f0\lang1033 Selena's soul binds with Ravi, his blank body falls to the ground, and his soul nestles into the one once occupied by nightseer.\line Limbs that had been removed, are reformed, sculpted, as if by invisible hands. His hair appears briefly as shimmering field of black, and dark purple. His mechanical wings spread, brightly replaced with pristine feathers. Each white wing, with a gray symbol of a cresent moon.\line He falls to the ground, on his knees. His hands reach up, and touch his flesh and blood face.\line "Damn it, you're not allowed to get any weirder! You've hit your max allotment of weirdness!"\line Ravi's blank can be retrieved, it offers a telepathic portal to anyone who touches it and focuses to see through the eyes of anyone in the material plane ravi was ever connected to.\par
Echo's body is nearby, a sparking husk of ashen red magic. In it's hand, is the former megaspell necklace, containing Nightseer's soul and mind.\par
\line\b The area shudders... the spell is close to launching.\par
Debris is falling from the ceiling\b0 . Tapa is trying to secure their way out.\line\line {\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/N5PjQHdU9og\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - tomorrow.\par
You find tumeaux on his stomach, leaning against a sprawl of thin metal pipes.\line The pipes aren't against him. They're through him.\par
T"I think... I think I have a problem. "\line T"it's bad... isn't it?"\line T"Figured, I can't feel anything below my shoulders." he glances back. "you look good, ravi"\line Ravi"Slaughter! Keep Tapa back!"\line Tapa"Keep back from what?! No! Let me go! What's wrong!?"\line Ravi"Everyone! Keep back! I'm going to pull the rods, and someone heal."\line Moving a rod out will cause the supporting structure to shudder. If the party tries hard enough, they will collapse Tumeaux to the pit below.\line\line A minute passes. Tumeaux's eyes never leave his effort.\line  \lang9 "Refresh, recharge, cool, discharge"\line\line The nearby structure begins to tilt. Slaughter wedges himself against it, propping it up with strength worthy of a demigod. Tapa runs to her father.\lang1033\par
Tapa is irrational, she screams at ravi, and the party.\line "You have a god's soul in you! use your magic!"\line "SHUT UP! DO SOMETHING ELSE!"\line\line  \lang9 "Refresh, recharge, cool, discharge. 2 minutes maybe... you need to go."\line "No! No! We can't leave you!"\line "You have to go. I can't delay it much longer. You don't have time to save me properly , If you rush, you'll just kill us all.\line\par
Ravi looks to the star.\line "Please...Please save him."\line\line\cf3\f2\fs30 I cannot. I am bound until I face the Eater. I am sorry\f0\lang1033 , Ravi/X\cf0\fs22\line\line "I love you Tapa." Tumeaux says. He pulls his battered hat off his head, and places it atop hers. I'm so proud of you. You're already doing great things. Build great things, grow up strong and beautiful. I wish I could be there to see it all. be a real father."\line\line "You were a real father, daddy. You were the best daddy anyone could ever want."\line "Goodbye my little girl."\line He lays his head down.\line\line After Tapa is pulled away. Ravi receives a message spell. He runs back to Tumeaux.\line "You have to get back to Aethus. You can't give up. Find a way to beat this. To win. I know all of you can."\line\line "before you go though... I never learned how to cast spells... I was cursed. They put what I was on my back, and I could never see it, nothing was there, and nobody could tell me what it was."\line "Tell me... is it bad?" Wiping away blood, There is a large tattoo on his back. A bold red heart, bursting through a ring of chain encircling it.\line\line Ideally the party tells him it isn't a bad mark.\line "Good... that's all I wanted to know."\line\line "you should go... don't want to miss your flight."\line\line As you turn, you see slaughter, still holding up the metal supports.\line "Go... get going. He can't stall it forever."\line No...no...Not... NO!\line "Yes." "this is the best. for everyone. You live and stop the eater, I die saving your life."\line His gray eyes soften. "I don't want to be the last one to die. Tom said this place can do it... so this is where I need to be."\line\line "Go slaughter" tumeaux says. They need you.\line "Go" slaughter tells you. "This way neither one of us has to die alone."\par
As you leave, slaughter says \line "hey."\line "It was fun."\line "Yeah."\line "it was"\par
\par
The party arrives at the tram, presses a button, the doors shut, and the glass ferry makes its way.\line Minutes pass by, you can see the cracked dome behind you.\line 2613 - if the party scries at all.\par
The shaking crests, the floor of the crater behind you erupts in a massive cascade of rock and debris. Barriers formed around it, and lasted just long enough to stop most high speed ejecta from striking the facility. But gargantuan pieces were now beginning their descent.\line\line The tram slows to a halt. Red cloth falls from the ceiling. "Power lost, emergency shutters disabled."\line\line At this point, magical chaos causes teleports to be only able to move a single person.\line This prevents Ravi from being able to leave the tram.\line "Go" he tells the party, if they are able to leave.\par
palm-sized gravel is beginning to rain down.\line your rocket is struck by debris, and knocked out of it's docking pad. (Nightseer's rocket is still present)\line\line "No! No more of us are dying! I... I'll find a way to keep the air in my shields! I.."\line\line Turn off loop on rhythm\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/3sC3bjZwzzg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/3sC3bjZwzzg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - solitude\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/AqYUYqao9GM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/AqYUYqao9GM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Carry on\line Tomorrow, is also viable with loop.\line\line There is a thud against the back of the Tram, outside the glass.\line It's a griffon. He shoves the tram. He heaves, his body dies, he regenerates, he pushes again.\line\line He came back.\line\line Slaughter pushes the tram into the terminal, air pressurizes briefly, and the terminal door weakly opens enough to squeeze through. The banners are in here too, there is no power for the shutters to seal the windows.\line palm sized gravel are cracking and scratching the glass walls. "roll dice audibly"\line\line "No! I can't leave you here like this!" Ravi pounds on the glass\line "You have to find a way in!"\line Slaughter wanders off into the dust somewhat, about 100ft away. He can't hear.\line "Slaughter!"\line He sits, facing the party. He mouths something. His face healed enough that he can look at you through his desiccating eyes. He points a moonstone covered talon at nightseer's rocket.\line Go.\line "Slaughter! I forgive you!!! I'll come back for you! I promise! I'll come back for you!"|\par
\line Tapa has run ahead, she yells to the party.\line "We can't let all of this be for nothing! We don't have seconds before more debris hits here. Come on!"\par
\par
The party arrives at the rocket, boards it. Tapa has the engines working 10 seconds after the structure behind you is crushed, and a cloud of moonstone covers everything.\par
\par
\par

\pard\lang9 Soon, you clear the spinning clouds of dust. You see Tom high above, glowing in the sunlight, trailing dust like a tail. \line Your eyes to the stars. Once a place of hope, and wonder, now they only seem cold and indifferent.\line Did you think it would be easy? Did you think it wouldn't hurt?\line You press your cheek to the cold glass. Pain, is the price of living. \line You look for anything to fill the silence...\line\line Perc.\line Pegasi made this rocket... they had music.\line You flip songs, wondering if people felt the same elsewhere. Other universes. Did they make the same songs?\line You find one you heard long ago. Maybe at thunderhead, maybe at a performance in Morlin, maybe in a lost memory that was never yours.\line A song from a younger, more innocent you.\line\line\lang1033 Hurt- instrumental {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/q2QAeRZmq7I }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/q2QAeRZmq7I\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line Hurt, full, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/vt1Pwfnh5pc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/vt1Pwfnh5pc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line The music starts, a gravelly old man's voice, perhaps a card dealer somewhere. Began to sing.\line The guitar built louder, you think of the angry goddess threatening others in her confusion. Think of a templar twisting spells into fierce weapons to protect things you never knew he was even fighting for. How you'd saved him from morlin.\line He'd hurt so much...\line\b\i What have I become... My sweetest friend?\par
Everyone I know... goes away... In the end...\par
And you could have it all... My empire of dirt...\par
I will let you down... I will make you hurt...\line\b0\i0 The music built, you remember Slaughter. Did you let him down? fail or deny him the thing he'd wanted more than anything? You weren't wrong in what you did, but you couldn't give it to him in the way he deserved.\line From the moment you'd met him at Hemmingstead, to watching guards sentence him to death in Lintle. You'd never been able to do what he wanted.\line The music sang on, with the voice of a dealer handing his players a losing hand.\line\b\i I wear this crown of thorns... Upon my liar's chair...\par
Full of broken thoughts... I cannot repair...\par
Beneath the stains of time... The feelings disappear...\par
You are someone else... I am still right here\'85\line\b0\i0 You remember everyone together at the chapel in Camp Hollow after Deus.\line You were given Star house. Tumeaux, Slaughter, Glory. Laughing, Happy. Broken people taking solace in each other.\line A piano began to hammer a note louder as the music built further.\line\b\i What have I become... My sweetest friend?\par
Everyone I know... goes away... In the end...\par
And you could have it all... My empire of dirt...\par
I will let you down\'85I will ;make you hurt...\line\b0\i0 You might be crying, and if you were, you aren't alone.\line As the old singer went on, you think of the pain that burns inside as you imagined a life with six friends, together, free, happy.\line\line Ravi tearfully mumbles the ending verses of the song.\line\i\f1\fs30 If I could start again... A million miles away...\par
I would keep myself....\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 I would find a way ....\par
\par
Perceptions and scrys, are in #9 of play 17\par
\par
Return to play 18\b\i0\f0\fs22\line\b0\lang9\par
}
 