{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 TL;DR\line\line Aeons {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/H1K3OJ_COWA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Everyone thought Ravi, Taran, and SIdney were dead for 2 months. Then they appeared at Camp Hollow. They assembled every ally and important person interested in survival they knew to the largest meeting area they could find.\line The reaper collosseum west of the oasis.\line\line Like a stadium of stone built into the ground, and covered up by sand and time, stone bleachers encircle the arena where some sunlight pierces the metal above, and grass grows.\line A wooden platform protrudes into the field from one side, orbs of light illuminate it clearly. When someone walks across, it echoes the entire area.\par
Reapers (Big daddy, Gorgon, Brutus, Ronaug) Big daddy out of sight until big momma left.\line Highlanders (Big momma, and 10+) - WHERE IS MY HUSBAND?\line Burners, (Candlewick AKA brandon of the flame)\line Pecos(Walter, Twister and Crumpets)\line There is a spackle of black dragonborn, with purpled armors\line Flashers(from riverton, Edward, Albert)\line A collection of Propoli elves, an elite sniper among them.\line Elred Ianren, and dozens of soldiers from the last templar army.\line The 3 warriors of griffonstone.\line Relly Stitches and Fiddles,\line The dwarven ambassador, from Pinehill.\line Sir Davon Dragonson, and captain Celeano\line A collection of pegasi, including Chicanery, Stormchaser, and Grand Paladin Sugar Apple Bomb Stronghoof, split into two factions. Ones with yellow thunderbolts on their armor\line The other with a brown shield emblazoned in blue and white.\line A smaller collection of small horses with batlike wings sits nearby. A gargantuan king with a silver crown and bandana over his eyes, and a wan queen at his side.\line Stygius, and Psycho sit beside him.\line Even a large bundle of diamond dogs with upgraded prosthetics, sits in the stone bleachers, rover with them.\line An undead griffon, and several other zodiaks, a pair of humans you don't recognize among them, and a halfling, clad in the finest black leather with adamant inlay,  daggers of mithril, one of white, and one of black, at his sides.\line Even a substantial number of defected habingers, with their fantastic weapons.\par
Everyone and many you don't know are in attendance. Waiting for what they were summoned.\line\line Goldenblood is addressing the audience from the stage.\line "and thank you..."\line "Now, I bring you in union, with the heroes who have made the same possible."\line The halfling in the crowd stands, with a grasp of his fist, the sun above dims. A skewer of light upon the stage.\par

\pard Ravi walked out on the stage. \line\i\f1\ldblquote\f0 This isn\f1\rquote\f0 t an easy place\lang1033  \lang9 to live. In fact, I\f1\rquote\f0 m sure all of you have, at least once, thought how much it sucks to live here. But \lang1033 Fenwick \lang9 is our home, and that doesn\f1\rquote\f0 t change no matter how hard it gets. We might all be different.\lang1033  \lang9 Different people. Different values. Different dreams. But to all of us, this place is home, and all of us are family.\line\lang1033 He turns back to look at the three of you, Glory, and Tumeaux, at the back of the stage.\lang9\line  \tab\f1\ldblquote\f0 And whether you\lang1033  \lang9 love your family or not, you stand by them no matter what! So that together, we all become stronger.\lang1033   S\lang9 o that together we rise up, with no one being left behind. Together we rise! \lang1033 Aethus Rises!"\lang9\line\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The threat was clear. \line The Brood of Amadi were being revived, and carefully controlled through telepathy. They had 3 trees of revival too.\line Project new dawn, a megaspell on the moon was going to fire. If it hit the starmetal underneath morlin, the entire surface would be annihilated.\line We needed people on the moon to change the course of it. Nightseer had been refurbishing an old space center so she could adjust it's path into a cradle of fade shields, and use the power to ensure the future she wanted.\par
Next you think of just hours earlier. pegasus general stormchaser planned, and Dr. Goldenblood orchestrated our forces.\line The plan was simple.\line\b Step one, \b0 Attack the space center, get our people to the moon. Change the path.\line It'd land nearby, maybe destroy the thronelands, but Fenwick would survive.\line\b Step two\b0 , defeat the brood of Amadi\par
\par
Your fight began at the space center. Time tables moved up. Nightseer had launched to the moon. A pair of zodiaks used powerful magic to send an illusory army to the eastern side.\line The reapers were spread thin, dozens of honorable opponents between each of you, but on the battlefield you were winning.\line\line You saw amadi approaching the center.\line You tackled him into a one of the trenches miles away that surround the space center. And delayed as much as you can. Eventually he discards your efforts, and begins running to the center at inhuman speeds.\line Ronaug breaks half his mask. Red stripes on his elven face, fierce orange eyes.\line\line A sending spell reaches ronaug, "I can only send 5 of these, this is goldenblood. Amadi has launched a balefire missile at the center. Tell as many as you can nearby to escape."\par
Ronaug looks at the space center, far on the horizon, but still close enough for a balefire egg to be lethal.\par
\par
A rocket, carrying your allies lifts into the sky at incredible speeds. It's engine illuminating the smoky trail behind it in the night.\line a minute later, a green balefire blast fills the entire area. tens of miles in each direction.\par
Ok, step two.\par
You fought at a bunker over one of the trees. You fought for hours, reaching the entrance.\line At one point, you were filled with a potent war ballad, the voice of psychofly and stygius singing boosts you through the slogs of enemies.\line A rolling machine of metal and fire arrived from within with the whine of strained engines.\line You, Brutus, and gorgon were becoming exhausted.\line Big daddy had drank a potion, glowed vibrant green, and his very human hands were filled with enough strength and fury to tear the monster apart.\line He stood upon it, another squad of the remaining brood approaching.\line And with a grin, evaporated into green cinders, vanishing from the field.\par
Brandon of the flame, a burner member, drank the last drops of the potion big daddy had, and went on a fiery rampage. He killed the remaining brood. The three of you, cooled his fury,\line The four of you struck down the tree within the bunker, and headed home to regroup.\line\line Returning to the reaper arena, you see the now-sentient and flaming tempest to the north.\line You knew it was guarding another tree.\line A pegasus raptor-class cloudship, hundreds of feet long, smoking, burning, struggling, crashes into the tempest.\line It wasn't just a cloudship. dozens of balefire eggs detonate. The entire horizon is filled with a savage green light, threatening to blind all of those watching.\par
You improvise step 3.\line The brood were still controlled, and you were very upset over the death of big daddy.\line Amadi had captured goldenblood in a battle hours before. Where he had slain stygius' (Psycho's husband) before retreating from king hades.\line Your plan was the simplest among any. The first one you deemed honorable, necessary. A good plan.\line Kill Amadi.\par

\pard\line You stand among the broken buildings of morlin, over a pit a half mile across where a megaspell had crashed into the city weeks before. You hear yelling on a fractured roadway, lifted above, and begin to climb.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/vYgXgi9OSGw }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/vYgXgi9OSGw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - BURY ME during the intro dialogue\line\line "WHATS SO FUNNY?!"\line You hear, as you approach.\line "Us"\line "Our convoluted plans, mine to save the world, yours to end it"\line Amadi slams goldenblood into the broken road.\line\f1\ldblquote\i\f0 Your \i0 plans?! You were used! My master used you! I serve \i willingly\i0 . I will help it devour every\par
last spark of life in the universe!\f1\rdblquote\f0  he shouted.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Yeah. Brilliant life, that. You might have been better just having a family. I know I would have,\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
Goldenblood quipped.\par
Then the Legate swept him up and shouted in his face, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Do you think I haven\f1\rquote\f0 t loved?!\f1\rdblquote\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Goldenblood stared as the Legate seethed. \f1\ldblquote\f0 I\f1\rquote\f0 ve lived for thousands of years. Thousands! Even as a Starkatteri and Propoli, Ive found love. Passion. Joy, even! All it does is rot! One death after another.\line Life it a curse!\line\line\b You arrive to the top of the buildings.\line\line\b0 On your left, a strange girl, Pythia.\line Pythia is the prophet that told you about your axe.\line Last time you saw her, she wore a white and red mask, shaped sharply at the bottom, like an upside down teardrop. Now you can see she has the same face paint as amadi, the legate.\line In the hands of Amadi, Goldenblood\b\par

\pard\b0\par
A silvered dagger flies through the air, into amadi's neck. with a light tap, an elven woman lands on the ground nearby.\line "We're all cursed".\line\par
A few dull puffs of air, and amadi is struck with several darts in his back, as a shimmering cloak falls nearby.\line You remember her face, from brimstone falls mine. Sekashi.\line A small shape jumps from her back. the orphan thorn, drawing it's own dart gun.\line Thorn, the orphan that survived brimstone.\line "You're a bad daddy."\par
\line >I am reminded of a story... About a bad husband.\line >A pity I'll have to kill you before you hear it.\line\line "Help us! He's just an elf!" the other elven woman yells at the prophet pythia.\line\line\f1\ldblquote\f0 Sure. Just an elf.\f1\rdblquote\f0  The girlpulled out a roll of paper and studied it a moment. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Well, it\f1\rquote\f0 s your funeral,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Pythia said as she pulled back her hood. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Antares gives you fifteen thousand to one odds, but none of the other stars are taking him up on his offer. Well, except Eleo, but he\f1\rquote\f0 s nuts.\f1\rdblquote\line\line\f0\lang1033 Pythia! YOU BETRAY ME!?\line\f1\fs30\ldblquote You forgot the first rule, Amadi. We use the stars. We don\rquote t serve them. You\rquote re a bug playing with\par
balefire bombs.\rdblquote\f0\fs22\lang9\line\par
\par
"You mortals just don't get it!"\par
\par
He throws goldenblood to the ground.\line\line\b Start the first fight\line\line\b0 Sekashi and xanthe charge him.\line "I see why I chose you two as fine wives, fallen caesar techniques and such strength!"\line\line >Sekashi gets her neck broken. Ronaug is tossed away, he hears Pythia say to the orphan crying over the body of it's mother.\line >Pythia says looking at her maps "Hopefully the other girl gets here before he takes them apart. Or the guy after her.\par
\line\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 This is what every immortal does, eventually,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he answered, then stared at the setting sun.\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Every immortal craves an ending. If we don\f1\rquote\f0 t get it, we\f1\rquote\f0 ll create it.\f1\rdblquote\f0  \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/8vDRMiXrQf0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/8vDRMiXrQf0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - \b Daybreaker - \b0\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\ldblquote\f0 Come on,\f1\rdblquote\f0  he muttered at the screens. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Come on! Your time is almost up! Here I am! Look at\lang1033  \lang9 what\f1\rquote\f0 s coming! You\f1\rquote\f0 re great and powerful and afraid! Give in to your terror! Use it! Use your great\lang1033  \lang9 and overwhelming power before it\f1\rquote\f0 s too late! Use it!\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\b\lang1033 No... the twilight society... they're af..\par

\pard\b0\lang9 The clear and open air above \lang1033 the thronelands \lang9 seemed to shimmer, and golden lines\lang1033  \lang9 of light began to coalesce into rings. Rings with their centers angled towards the setting sun. The\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 golden rings began to spin. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Yes... \f1\rdblquote\f0  \par
\par

\pard\lang1033 A beam of sun struck at the legate, but a shield near the city, high in the sky, flickered into existence.\line You recognize it as a giant version of the FADE shield owen was selling in riverton. Instead of aborsbing the energy to power the shield however, the power was sent elsewhere. \par
\par
Buildings not protected by shields begin to crumble and smolder, with the sweet smell of molten steel stone and glass.\line\line\lang9 A long, gleaming silver shaft erupted sideways\par
from the obsidian monolith\lang1033  protruding from the ground nearby\lang9 , sending immense black panels tumbling down into the street below. A\par
matching shaft burst forth from the building on the other side of the street, and the two shafts met\par
above the road. The fingers on the ends of each shaft enmeshed perfectly, and, with a hiss of gas,\par
hundreds of bolts slammed into place to lock them together. This happened again with another pair of\par
buildings. And again, and again, throughout the Core.\par
Then the shafts began to turn.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The skyscrapers began to move.\par
\lang1033\par
Something in the center of the half-mile pit before you began to raise. \line The city was a machine.\line\b Roll wisdom\b0\line  Amadi had planned for centuries,working in the background, for whatever was happening.\par
The section of city you were on lifts into the air on a cog.\line You're in the middle of an empty 200ft square plaza. Lightning rods from thunderhead rain down around you, a battle is happening in the sky above.\line They impale into the ground like sharp needles.\par
\par
Begin playing sombra when pythia counts. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/Nb4GYo1ufCs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard\f1\ldblquote\f0 Yeah, soon,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Pythia said, and started counting down from ten.\par
The Legate paused as he looked at the two fillies. \f1\ldblquote\f0 What? What have you seen?\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Seven. Six.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Tell me!\f1\rdblquote\f0  the Legate demanded as he stormed over to the edge to face the pair of young ponies.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\ldblquote\f0 Four... three... two... behind you,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Pythia finished with a smirk.\par
\par

\pard The Legate turned just in time to see a flash of yellow that streaked across the roof.\par
Then his head disappeared. It tore completely off at the shoulders, broke into clumps, and went flying off over the edge. His head pulled itself back together again. \f1\ldblquote\f0 What... \f1\rdblquote\f0  A second flash, a second obliterating kick that not only pulped his skull but knocked him rolling across the plaza. Again, his head pulled itself back together long enough for him to mutter, \f1\ldblquote\f0 ... was... \f1\rdblquote\f0  A third flash, this one sending his entire body flying into one of the lightning rods with such force the rod almost cut him in two. His head, still attached to the\par
mutilated body, muttered, \f1\ldblquote\f0 ... that?\f1\rdblquote\f0  Then his body reversed the injuries and pushed him off the golden metal rod.\par
Whisper hovered before him. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Me. You took my husband. You won\f1\rquote\f0 t take anything else.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
\f1\ldblquote\f0 Oh. The songbird. You\f1\rquote\f0 re the one who convinced all my poor, despairing sacrifices to keep\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 fighting instead of hiding in here.\f1\rdblquote\line\f0 "Annoying"\line\line >Your face is annoying!\par
\par
He kicks (psycho)whisper, briefly incapacitating her.\line\b Dawn\b0  arrives, and the two maul amadi for a time.\line You. killed. MY. DAUGHTER!\par
\line\line "TWO THOUSAND YEARS!!! IVE GOTTEN YOU MORE POWER IN FIVE MINUTES THAN IN THE LAST CENTURIES MASTER! RISE!"\par
\par
The legate turns to face everyone, withdrawing his hands from his gesture to the sky.\par
\par

\pard\f1\fs30\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you sing a lovely little requiem\par
for this world? I know I\rquote d love to hear it!\rdblquote  he called out over the growing rumble.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ldblquote\i\f2 You\rquote re \i0\f1 a requiem!\rdblquote  Whisper screeched as she laid into him with renewed vigor.\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\lang9 Begin the fight anew.\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/gp1eoxQ0vLc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/gp1eoxQ0vLc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - final showdown\b0\line Xanthe is too injured, sekashi is dead. Thorn is crying.\line\line Ronaug charges the legate.\line\line Whisper and Ronaug strike at the legate.\line Whisper is incapacitated.\line\line At one point, ronaug is nearly overpowered, but picks his 2h axe up with his free hand, and swings it clandestinely.\par
Pythia, "Where's that last guy at? Damn, musta read wrong. I thought he woulda hit him from over there?" She gestures far away.\line\line Amadi lunges at the location, there is a tumble, and he is struct by the butt of a rifle.\line Lancer decloaks.\line\line Lancer shoots amadi in the sternum.\line You briefly see his heart. It glows vividly, magic tendrils emanate from it, filling his body. anew.\line\line\b Bravery- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/z6Jjb_uKy7U\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
I know how this goes now!\b0\par
Pythia yells to pull his heart out! Ronaug is the only one strong enough.\line She tells the child to cut it out with a starmetal dagger. \line "Don't worry, it won't kill him!"\par
The legates chest turns to stone. Ronaug breaks it, and pulls it out, it clings by magic tendrils.\line Gorgon restrains the legates arms with his tail and talons.\line Pythia -"oh, that's unexpected"\par
\par
The legate yells, he staggers backwards toward the edge.\line Son! Daughter! Someone... help me!\line He grows extra eyes, squished into his socket, his legs deform, growing smaller limbs. His skin tears, heals, and expels fluid.\par
\par

\pard\f1\ldblquote\f0 That heart didn\f1\rquote\f0 t regenerate him. It restored him. Kept his body locked in one state. Time was effectively stopped for his body,\f1\rdblquote\f0  the Starkatteri filly said, grinning wickedly. \f1\ldblquote\f0 Now it\f1\rquote\f0 s not. Now it\f1\rquote\f0 s catching up on him. A thousand years of growth and injury and all the pains of the flesh, at once. Plus all the nastiness that comes with having a cursed lump of rock in your chest for a couple millennia."\line\line The legate grins, and shoves a long bloody limb across the area. tiny sublimbs trying to grab anything then can.\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 A bloody tendril arises out, and grabs goldenblood.\line "GO!... tell ravi.. I did better!"\par
The legate and goldenblood fall.\line The wires of the machine in the pit grow taught.\line\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/J-4i4mAuWU0 }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/J-4i4mAuWU0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - king of darkness.\par
The machine lurched, A dusty spire emerged from it's center. The machine was reaching it's peak.\line The metal glowed green... and the dust began to bubble away, silver peaking through.\line The legate continued to struggle, far below you.\line\line A nearby building burst like an overpressured can, still standing however. It's metal sizzling away, gushing blood and fluid.\line A bloody organic slough was in it's place. Numerous flying, stinging and biting fleshy masses flying out. Other buildings began to do the same. though some structurally maintaining their form.\line\line The spire that was risen to near ground level in the middle of the city, albeit hundreds of feet below you, stopped.\line\line The mass of the legate is near it below you it tries to strike up at you, falling a hundred feet short, but growing closer with every moment. a bubbling pile of flesh.\line Expanding. growing, quickly.\par
But your attention was drawn to something more horrifying. The immense spire of silvered starmetal.\line A hand on your shoulder, and the unfamiliar sensation of being teleported consumes your peripherals.\line\line But you are still able to see it.\line An eye opens. A slitted yellow eye in one side of the starmetal spire.\line An eye the size of a raptor cloudship.\par
A scream to startle the gods, feral, magical, and powerful.\par
\par
\highlight2\b As the ronaug memory ends in teleportation. A profound scream of enervation wracks the countryside.\line Briefly, the party sees the world through everyone's eyes, good, evil, healthy, injured, dying.\line Many of those asleep, or not protected otherwise perish in the brutal wave. Even those hundred's of miles away.\line This include's taran's clone, that does not survive without a soul.\highlight0\line\b0\line\par
\par
}
 