{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset128 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green176\blue80;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 The express to hell.\line\line\line A railway leading to below morlin, the party dons their moonstone, and dives into hell.\line They can take one person with them per oz of moonstone. There is no narrative cap beyond how many can fit on the tram.\par
Psalm says, as she enters the crowd, "We all know the stakes."\par
\line The available roster, of everyone.\line\b Elred Ianren \b0 - It's funny, we are hardly templar anymore, but we're still the centurions of bahamut fighting to the end.\line\b Gorgon \b0 - 'Ronaug sick... but gorgon not!"\line\b Xanthe \b0 - Walter, of the Pecos - "We gotta keep the homeland safe. A good gun in wise hands might do ya right."\line\highlight1\b Lancer\b0  - He promised to kill his father. His shots are very useful in hitting the controls.\highlight0\line\b Big Daddy \b0 - "Anything to get away from big momma. I wanted to fake my death at the bunker, but this might be just the next best thing."\line\b Brutus\b0  - Snorts\line\b Candlewick\b0  (Brandon of the flame) - "Back into the city... huh? There won't be anything left to fight the fire elementals for if this thing hits."\line\b Charity\b0  - wearing a "do not pick me" face.  "I charge for every shot I take, you know. No generosity here."\line\highlight2\b Psalm \b0 - Is required for their teleport out, healing magic, and shields.\line -- \highlight0 "Ready to visit home sidney? We're going to be passing over where... where "she" was.\line Dusk (Glory's sister, in rocket-armed power armor)\line Sky Striker "My daughter believed in you\line\highlight1\b Psycho\b0  - "And he killed my husband!" highly assertive, her extra ear-ring allows pythia to stow\highlight0\line Relly and Fiddles "ready to save the world Relly? Last you told me a good story where it didn't go so well"\line\b Tenebra and Hades\b0 . Tenebra takes some pills, Hades is seething anger.\line\b Homage, and Nota\b0 ; Powerful bard pegasi. "Thunderhead can't trade crops with the surface if it's gone!"\line\b Carrion\b0 , the undead griffon : Leo "It's nice.. thinking of serving the worlds soul again. Takes me back to before I was undead."\line\b Pain Train\b0 , the minotaur : Taurus\line\b Sweetiebot \b0 "The wonderful doctor trueblood would not see the world annihilated! His vocal praising chip will never malfunction, even if I really wanted it to! His creations are perfect!"\line\highlight3\b Captain Celeano \b0 - "One big adventure... huh? How was it up there?" - Celeano talks at length.\line\b Ogrim (blk drgbrn) - \b0 Boss, the capn' said this was important. You said to trust her. I'm ready!\line\highlight0\b Priest \b0 - I am no fighter, but I am a healer. I will see that children can grow, and elders teach.\par
\par
Psalm - versatile psion - \highlight3 Live - exhaustion\highlight0\line Whisper - Strong flier - \highlight3 Live - exhaustion\highlight0\line Hades - Magic offense-  \highlight3 Live - overexertion\highlight0\line Dawn - High offense flyer - \highlight3 Live - digestion\highlight0\line Elred Ianren - Super versatile magic - exhausted\highlight3\line\highlight0 Priest - Healing - Dies on train X\line Brandon, of the Flame - Fire - Exhausted, elemental ice. X\highlight3\line\highlight0 Pain Train - Hella strong - Dies in legate fight\par
Ravi - ??\par
\par
Pythia will join as a stowaway. Another member (ideally psycho) will give her a starmetal ear-ring.\par
\line\line\cf2\fs36 Session, start.\line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/wik6_SDy15c }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/wik6_SDy15c\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs36  - Idle outside the wailing tunnel.\par
Note this session is very different in narrative.\line You will need to interrupt, to pursue, to be active.\line If you are not, I will continue to read the outcomes as preferred by your cosmic enemy.\line Once you interrupt, you secure your action, and it will be included at the earliest possible moment for your character.\line If I don't mention it, and keep reading, pull from the new situation, change your plan, and interrupt again.\par
\par
The Greater the relevance of the eater of souls, the more this rule will apply.\cf0\fs22\par
The party has been riding the express for an hour.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/4rJchAH6d9I }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/4rJchAH6d9I\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - EXPRESS TO HELL\line\line\b OPEN A GOD DAMN PARTY STATUS DOC. THIS IS GONNA GET ROUGH.\b0\line\line You hadn't much time, you shared what threats might be ahead, (explain what you know)\line And prepared simple tactics (5 minutes to communicate)\line Everyone prepared quickly, and loaded their things.\par
\line\line The vehicle is a cargo steamtrain trailer, flat, with industrial grade spark batteries centered on the back. It took minutes to get up to speed, but now it was traveling at breakneck speeds down the tunnel toward morlin. Some sheet metal out front, and guard rails on the sides, with a sturdy cowcatcher-plow out front that periodically knocked debris out of the way.\par
You've seen many things in the past. A giant biological retriever, a room of screaming faces and nightmares, cannibals, Sarn's abominations, and creatures melted by enervation.\line You're somewhat innured to the horrors of the tunnel.\line\line 35 ft wide, and 20ft above the tram, the organic texture of the walls only slightly bothered you now. Meat and metal, and blends of both punctuated by red glowing lights that beat with an arrhythmic pulse. The world around you screams lowly, kept at bay by the tiny little singing shards of moonstone you each carry.\par
\par
Despite an accidental collapse of the tunnel behind you from an errant oblivion orb, everyone had adapted to the dangers well.\line Despite everything, some characters have a good time.\line\line\line\b NPC's need planned interactions, list characters here.\b0\line\line\b Threats - flesh tentacles from the wall that sweep the tunnel like a giant hook.\b0\line Whisper can fly ahead and cut these off, so can Dawn.\line "Whoo hoo! That's four!"\line\line\b Small spell sigils from the roof that fire magic bullets.\line\b0 Armored persons can absorb the shots as well.\line Ravi will shield the tram from their shots, whisper will be struck and land wounded.\b\line\b0 The shots are absorbed by something eclipsing the light of the talisman, sparking off of light metal armor.\line Dawn slices the talisman in two and turns to chide whisper.\line "You lack focus, griffon."\line Hades appends "She's right, you must be vigilant in this horror daughter!"\line\line\b Grotesque amalgamated retrievers. Meaty flesh now forms mangled galloping legs below their old armor. Though instead of smooth faceless danger, they now have gnashing mouths of irregular teeth.\line\b0 Hades may say "Oh can I-"\line "NO!" many NPC's respond.\line "you act as if it were the whole tunnel, most of that area was compromised anyway"\b\par
\par
Pythia calling switches\line\b0 Any NPC can call out when a switch is approaching, and which direction.\b\line\b0 Pythia will state the direction the party needs to go, "we want to go X. Hit it now!"\line There are small buttons under each switch, one arrow left, the other right.\line As the tramp approaches, the party needs the right switch before 50ft away.\line Failing this, they will have to push the cart backwards, and hit another button after slowing it down.\line\i If lancer is present, he can shoot them easily\i0\line "See aren't you glad you brought me along?" - pythia\line "I didn't bring you! you stowed away.- Ravi\line "Just be glad I had my own moonstone." - Whisper, gestures to her red moonstone earring.\line "Or you'd be bloody goop".\par
"yeah yeah. All the stars started watching this though. None of them knew what was going to happen, for the next hour, we're all center stage. Even Sirius is watching!. I remember when I sat on a cloud in a shop, people coming by "can the stars fix my marraige? Making little mundane gambles and deal with the stars. This. This is pretty cool! They're all watching!"\par
\b Silver slimes\line\b0 These fall onto the cart from a vent. They are extremely weak to fire, but immune to magic otherwise.\line Brandon can incinerate these as they appear.\par
After a few rounds, a gargantuan starmetal slime as if molten black metal, will chase after the party.\line\highlight2 Brandon can cast Heat vacuum\highlight0 . Drawing all of the ambient heat in the air into a white hot ball.\line "Ice titans... hate them all... but this... is a good deal."\line As he channels, deal periodic and increasing cold damage to everyone in 15 ft.\line Eventually he unleashes a silent ray of thermal devastation into the slime. The starmetal heats to such a degree it denatures. \line Frost clings to brandon's skin, he is magically exhausted and unconscious.\line "He... wasn't supposed to be that strong." Pythia says.\par
\par
\par
\b MOVING THE TRAIN.\line\b0\line Pythia may say to move the train to another set of tracks, at the halfway point. (or across a gap\line Psalm can levitate it on her own, but will be exhausted if she tries.\line\b Ianren \b0  -Wanted to hold baleful teleport, for later. "Nobody jump, keep your feet steady!"\line He strikes the train to transport it across gaps. and to the other track.\par
At this point, the tracks are coated in bloody gunk. and the tunnel curves slowly to the south. (right)\par
From the gunk behind, for runners.\line\b disjointed monstrosities resembling five-legged wolflive beings that lope after with mouths that run half their body length.\b0\par
\par
\b Starmetal wires, extremely thin.\b0\line Both dawn and Whisper will be severed by these. one limb sliced cleanly off each.\line Priest can heal them.\line "my armors still damaged... " Dawn Says.\line "I fucking hate it down here." Whisper says.\par
\par
\b Another train\b0\par
There is a light and screeching noise behind the car.\par
\b\par
It gets hard to see the buttons on switches through haze, dark, and organic ooze.\line\b0 "use math" pythia says, they're every hundred yards or so now.\line an NPC acuses her of delivering them to it's maw.\line "That would be boring. and stereotypical, bigot."\par
The train catches up over a few rounds. It has a large stone compactor (from brimstone) at it's front.\line\line Hades - "Can I now?"\line\line Another train appears to the side. It launches small birdlike scorpion creatures.\line "We have to stop that one. If it reaches the next switch it'll first, it'll be the end of us."\par
The second train has boils bursting that send forth biting stinging batlike macabe scorpions.\line\highlight2 These scorpions kill priest, either unseen or overwhelmingly.\highlight0\line\par
\par
The legate's chamber is cavernous, hundreds of feet tall, and 200ft+ across. There is an enormous silver spire of starmetal in the middle, and enervation is intense.\line\line\highlight2 BREAK POINT FOR SESSION. Groups re-coup.\line Pythia "We're here."\par
\highlight0\par
The cart grinds to a halt. There is a pile of gore and debris in the way. four crude boulders of metal and meat block the path forward into a narrowing chasm.\line\b Ianren can move this\b0 . Though it will exhaust his titanic powers, he will still be able to fight some.\line\b Dawn volunteers to carry brandon.\b0\par
\par
The legate's chamber is one of grisle, fat, blood, stone, and metal.\line There is a large dusty and silvered column in the middle of the chamber. It reaches 75ft high, and is slowly grinding higher, threatening to disturb the precariously mashed ruins of the city in the pit above.\par
\par
During the legate encounter every NPC except Ravi needs to be combat incapable. Pythia needs to be conscious.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/LklOg6INHpg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/LklOg6INHpg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  - Chaos arranged\lang9\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0PLs7QuwzRc }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0PLs7QuwzRc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - Celestial origins battle, extended.\par
They fight the amaglam of the legate, they must remove the 4 fragments to kill him.\line\highlight2\b Hades\highlight0  is exceptionally good at breaking the legate's talismans loose. He can do this twice before exhausting.\line\highlight2 Pain Train \highlight0 can deflect a single attack from the legate, he then tries to grapple one, and is eaten alive as small mouths form on the tendril.\line\highlight2 Dawn\highlight0  is potent at distracting, and navigating the battlefield, she can slice most attacks.\line Eventually, she is eaten, but escapes highly corroded and burned.\line Ianren is already magically exhausted, but can dodge, and conjure meager elemental attacks\b0\line\line After destroying all of the talismans, the legate bursts, shrapneling starmetal and debris throughout the chamber.\par
\par
\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/0Y7DaQTXuEM }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/0Y7DaQTXuEM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  Radiarc - the id\line On foot, he approaches.\line His face tattoo a glowing green.\line Pythia yells "the eater! it's keeping him here!"\line "The eater needs me!"\line "It's always needed me!"\par
\par
\cf5\b\fs40 Oh do i?\par
\par

\pard\cf0\b0\fs22 The Legate\f1\rquote\f0 s colors reverted back to white and red, and he stared at his hands. His look of utter horror was absolute, and he gaped, his mouth moving silently. Finally, he rasped, \f1\ldblquote\f0 I... I am your ever-loyal servant! I would never presume... \f1\rdblquote\f0  He gagged, his jaw working. I just watched. \f1\ldblquote\f0 I... am... worthy! I\f2\endash\f1\rdblquote\f0  He hunched over as his body seemed to soften like hot wax. \f1\ldblquote\f0 No! Not like this!\f1\rdblquote\f0  He thrust a hand towards the ceiling and screamed as his flesh ran in the heat of the Eater\lang1033 '\lang9 s ire. \f1\ldblquote\f0 You owe me!\f1\rdblquote\f0  he screamed as his gut distended, then burst like a boil.\par
Then he melted, rejoining the gore in the edges of the pit.\par
The soul mote lingered a few seconds longer, snapping as if caught in a great wind, and then the sooty black spot winked out.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
Pythia walks to where the legate was. and flips her map upside down.\line "Oh! that's what it meant." She folds the paper.\line "Made the whole trip worth it for me."\line\line At this point every NPC should be incapable.  PAGE 2751\par
The enervation in the chamber becomes more excessive. A sting that grips at the edge of your body and mind.\par
\par
\b\fs32 The cavern begins to shudder, some enormous chunks of debris fall down. from the city above.\b0\fs22\par
\line "You're thinking of sending us home" Psalm says.\line "What? fuck no. We came to see this through to the end!" whisper yells.\line She tries to fly, and falls\line "and you have" - Ravi tells her.\line He asks psalm to take everyone somewhere far away.\line I will manage, but it will exhaust any magic I have left.\par
Each NPC says their final words.\par
Psalm - "The generators are through the debris layer above. Good luck."\par
\b Pythia-\b0  I called in every favor I could. You've got a lot riding on this. All the stars are watching. Don't screw up.\par
Hades - Thank you... for allowing me to avenge my son, and help secure my family. You may yet find crowns of your own upon your return.\line Dawn- I'm not sure what I'll do. But I won't spare any chance you've given me to make things right.\par
\par
\par
"thanks for coming this far with me"\line\b Any interaction or sendoff the party gives assuming death whisper will respond to.\b0\line "Hey..." Ravi asks whisper. "Make sure this gets to Whoever is carrying Glory and mine's child. Whatever triage did. The should have it" He holds out vigilage for her.\line "Oh, fuck that!" She strikes ravi.\line "none of that, giving up your shit before you die, shit. You're going to live, understand? Glory and Slaughter aren't here to smack the shit out of you. And when you get back I'm going to show you who's the baddest parent in the world."\line "you're pregnant?"\line "Stygius's. Just survive. Okay?" She takes the sword from ravi's offering hand.\line "I wouldn't have b-" ravi starts (brought you)\par
\line Pslam teleports everyone away.\line\line Ravi pulls out a revolver. Old. Rusty. Perhaps from somewhere you've seen before.\line He carefully loads 6 moonstone bullets into it.\par
Then he pulls out a very different gun.\line\line "Don't want this caving in on us, and a few hundred feet of stuff to the FADE nest with no time to spare.\line it won't do any good against the eater, and I don't want it hitting Tom once he's on his way down...\line Maybe...\line Maybe a little sunlight."\par
\b The final encounter begins with ravi using the weapon from goldenblood to open the sky above. You can see tom, a glimmering speck slightly offset from the center.\par
\par
\fs44 The silver spire in the middle of the room begins to rise.\par
\fs22 The corpse of the city falls into the pit. ruined buildings, dirt, muck, gore.\line Atop the spire in the center, the same height as ground level, dust and stone falls away to reveal an aged altar, but surrounded by hundreds of feet deep pit.\line The fade generators begin to slowly move into place on large disjointed platforms. like small wire suspended islands 20ft wide. They float outward and upward. You can see a small starmetal cube on each.\b0\par
The eater uses illusions to distact the party, they must break each of them to continue.\par
___ILLUSION 1___\line Taran is a mute, who compulsively writes everything in his notepad.\line He has misplaced it, along with it's tiny attached pen.\line Sidney has psychopathy, believing they are telepathically connected to multiple people. They meet Dr. Trueblood, their least favorite doctor of the two, apparently more lucid than before.\par
Sidney is unrestrained. They've been here for 5 years, and don't know what happened before.\line They are questioned, like always. Their behavior is good enough to let them outside with the others.\line\line Lucian and Dawn are human nurses that escort sidney to the councilor.\line Lucian is very tall, and dawn has her hair in a long slightly green dyed ponytail.\line Celeano, believes she is a pirate, after her father sailed off to fight the titans.\line Goldenblood, a serial masochist, who holds himself accountable for the titan war.\line Lighthooves, believes he is a pegasus, used to be a baker named percy.\line\line After a brief meeting with councilor Ravi, they are led to the warden's office. Where they talk with nightseer.\line "I've been trying to help you for many years Sidney. Some days you are lucid as ever, some you call my nurse a horse, and assault Lucian."\line Let us work in these moments of clarity. Walk, shall we? Perhaps you will enjoy some time outside to witness the concrete end of the war?\line\line\line Tara rejoins the pair as they arrive at the courtyard.\line "This is where we have come, Sidney."\line An elf named Amadi, walks to the Aasimar queen Caelum. With him, dozens of children.\line "As we agreed in our surrendur Caelum, I have brought these children for reconditioning."\line "Good Amadi, Warden Nightseer will take good care of them. I am pleased you honored your agreement to submit to this."\line\line A distant muffled explosion rumbles, an a verdant pink shield briefly manifests to the west.\line "Terrorists beyond still try... hmm."\line "I may have other plans for these children if this was your doing, Amadi."\line\line they are escorted back to their cells.\par
"Perhaps more time tomorrow?"\par
________________\line\highlight3 The party has enough time to destroy one or two more additional FADE generators\highlight0\line ________________\par
Then lastly the dealer. This isn't echo.\line\line The party is in star-house. Begin playing from the dealer's previous game. in the nightseer and tom encounter.\line Slaughter is eating something at the table, not playing.\line Glory went to bed early after serving dinner.\line Tumeaux, and echo, went home.\line\line "The desolation. The loss. The pain. I take you... all of you. I make all oyur lives a bloody hell. I twist you. I tear you. I see what you're made of, how far you can go, where you break.\line He deals Ravi a card of the Chapel in camp hollow.\line Of Sidney, with ravi begging her over an injured man.\line Of Taran, with Slaughter yelling at him angrily on the moon.\line "who are you?"\line "some people call me a struggle, some call me a game. I'm the one that deals fate. I deal for you, until, well.. I get you. \line I was here before the war. Everywhere there's contempt, ambition, avaraice, callousness. I'll be here no matter what civilzation pops up. Because murder, corruption, hatred, those never change. And for some reason, people love me."\line "I dont!"\line "weren't you always hating yourself? Now you're dangerously contempt with what's going on"\line He lays down more playing cards.\line "I gave you friends"\line He deals Sidney, Taran, Tumeaux, Glory, and Slaughter, to Ravi.\line Some of you, lovers.\line "He deals a face down card to Sidney, and Ravi."\line\line Now, I give you what you desire most... a heroic death.\line "Make it a good one. you've none left to die for you."\line Ravi looks at the party- "one last round, then time to cash out,"\line\par
"I'm not taking your call, we're here to win, not die."\line\par
The dealer grins.\line "Ante up."\line He reaches into his pocket, and pulls out a small painting. On it, his child, abstract, unknown, but painted beautifully. Behind them, a beautiful sunny landscape with picnics of dozens of happy people by a clean blue lake.\line\line What does the party ante?\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/_8BwHHEopec }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/_8BwHHEopec\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  - pieces of eden, satan's arrival\line\line\par
\b from within the spire, an eye opens.\line An eye the size of a raptor.\par
2770 PAGE REF FOR HALFWAY\par
\line\line\cf5\fs72 YOU HAVE MY ATTENTION\line\fs36 BE HONORED.\fs72\line {\cf0\fs36{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/56xXtkTAyXg }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/56xXtkTAyXg\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs36  - Ex Machina\par
\cf6\fs24 The voice booms\b0 , not in volume, but in a magical wave that tears at your very soul. The small singing of the moonstone, and a song within, the only refuge you have.\par
You look around the spire. and you finally see it. The god of the machine. The dead star. The eater of souls.\line\line\line\line\b ________________________________________________________________________________________________ THE EATER OF SOULS______________________________\line The eater is omnipotent. But his focus is limited to his address. The eater, while observing a character, can cause himself to succeed any and all checks regarding them. \line He however cannot cause another character to fail their saves or checks.\line\line His statblock is 30's, except for 15CHA and 45CON.\line Phys Atk Mods are 11, 19, and 32.\line Rfx mods are 22M, 45Phys\line\line A ghastly serpent, with three disconnected ethereal claws the size of houses. It is immense, hundreds of feet long.\line It moves it's hulk at such speed that it's mere passage to above threatens to pull you into it's draft of air.\line\line Aura of Disharmony-\line The eater exhudes an aura of heat, and ruin.\line Each creature within 25ft of it's surface, will take 2d8 fire AND 2d8 necrotic damage.\line\par
The eater makes 3 attacks per turn.\line "This isn't like fighting the legate. A solid hit, and you would be paste."\line\line Breath Weapon -\line Breathes a balefire blast. The flame's core, is instant death.\line 45ft beam. 15ft wide.\line The core of this flame, will break Ravi's shield. Being starborne magic.\par
Balefire pursuers-\line A beam of balefire that cuts almost anything that doesn't absorb it. It will chase it's target a speed of 70 (faster than a man can run)\par
Tail strike-\line The eater can strike a platform to launch a character away from it.\line This can be used reactively, as a person lands on a platform if the eater holds the action.\line DC:15Ins to see it is preparing it's tail.\par
The eater controls each of it's talons independently. It can use an action to Swipe, Grab, or Smash, with each talon\b0\line ________________________________________________________________________\par
\line "Why?"\par
\cf5 To save the universe from the infinite void.\line To spare existence from the indignity of death.\line I will not go willingly into oblivion.\line Even now, I am roused to motion again.\line\line You caused me pain, my little mortals. GREAT PAIN.\b\fs36\line\par
I forgive you. I know pain and suffering well. I know your fear. Let me end both. \line Let me give you purpose.\line Let me deliver your family into immortality.\line Let me reunite you with Glory.\line Forever.\par
\cf6\fs24 The party rolls, they may serve the eater.\line The DC on wisdom is 20. Reduced by every act they can recall rejecting the peace of death, or their clear purpose.\par
\cf7\par
T\highlight8 he below dialogue is for generators 1-3.\highlight0\line\cf6\par
\cf5\fs36 I have waited eons beyond measure. You shall not stop me.\line Your every action, reaction, are on display before me. You cannot prevail.\cf6\fs24\line\line "Then why haven't you won yet? It probably takes a lot of energy to float a corpse like you around, huh?"\par
\cf5 You think you can defeat me? Just the three of you alone? You are nothing.  Your souls will accompany me for all eternity.\par
\cf6 We are not alone! Everyone we know is with us now! They brought us to this point!\line You're the one who is alone!\par
\cf5\fs32 I was greatest. brightest. I will be so again. Even if i have to snuff out every other wretched treacherous spark in the skies.\par
\cf6 Tom is visible in the sky now, a vibrant white corona surrounding as he falls through the atmosphere.\fs24\line\par
\cf7\highlight8 When generator 4 is threatened\line\cf6\highlight0\line At generator 4, the moonstone is far less effective, but it can burn through the surface exposing the mechanics within.\par
On generator 5/6, either a partymember or Ravi deals with 5.\line Immediately following, Ravi is struck, and split in two. His path no longer dynamic, but ballistic.\line In the same moment, a cylindrical wall of fade shields flashes around the chamber, and hundreds of feet above. \line The final generator, also activates. a magical humm, as 1/6th of the cradle forms to catch Tom. Partial, unideal, but still impenetrable.\line "No..." Ravi is filled with failure.\line The eater tries to grasp everyone.\line It catches ravi, and tosses him. Everyone must land near the 6th generator.\par
\cf5\fs56 Futile! Now! Bear witness!\cf6\par
\fs24 Tom impacts the top of the fade cylinder.\line The tip of the gargantuan moonstone drags down the side. Only proximity to the FADE talisman, keeps the wind and heat above from annihilating you.\par
\line\cf5\fs36 Your champion has failed!\line\cf6\fs24 The eater cackles, as it swims about the chamber, it's claws pulling enormous gobs of soul-fire from the moonstone above.\line "With my last moments, I WILL DEFY YOU!" The bright spirit cries out. Huge frenzied blue wings slicing downward at the eater, unable to reach it's core below.\line\line\cf5 YOUR LAST MOMENTS ARE DELICIOUS. the eater laughs as he feasts on the living star.\line\cf6\par
\b0 Looking at Ravi, you see his chest open, wires dangling, blood and other fluids dripping. The force above, and the exhaustion. your eyes begin to shut.\line You hear the moonstone's song. Beautiful, desperate, strained.\line\line It wasn't the only moonstone song you heard though.\line ROLL CON to reawaken.\line\line {\cf0\b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/2frcbPMdw8I }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/2frcbPMdw8I\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033  - Tears of the evernight.\cf6\lang9\par
Ravi, pulls his chest apart. Within, you can see a lump of moonstone.\line "A power source... I have.."\line\line A hunk of moonstone. He feebly tugs at it. (roll str)\line If ravi frees it himself, his hands fall weak, he can't get it to the generator's casing.\line\b The generator's casing is destroyed.\line\cf5 NO! NO MORE INTERFERENCE! YOU ARE DONE!\par
\cf6 The eater approaches with it's lethal intent renewed. It moves to grasp ravi, and fling him away.\cf5\par
\cf6\b0\line\b The generator destroyed.\b0\line The shield will not maintain itself if it were to lose it's source of power now.\line The immense mass of Tom presses down upon the shield above.\line\par
\b You hear the faintest thought in your telepathy... a man weak and wondering.\b0\par
\b "I might not be the queen of the moon...But I have a little of her soul inside me..."\line\line\b0 A barrier of golden struts erupts from where ravi was thrown.  It drips arcana blue with moonlight. It collides above, attempting to force against the moonstone.\line You see in your mind's eye, ravi, reaching for the heavens as if to heave Tom upwards off the shield.  numbers counting to zero fill his augmented vision. He can't do it on his own.\line Briefly, you can see the will of each other. \line You are scarcely bodies in this moment, but avatars of something far greater.\par
Time is short before your light dies.\line You have to save the world.\line\line Sidney, you are far ancestral from Selena. You can't move the moon. But you can move a small piece of it.\par
\par
Tom begins to fall, as Ravi's, and your, spells release.\line A small golden shield anemically forms around the party (and ravi)\line Slicing wings of dazzling gold and blue light rend the talons of the eater.\line\line\cf7 YOU ARE DONE!  -- Tom's wings slice like megaspells through the air.\line YOU ARE FINISHED! -- The eater is cut in its' blazing face\line\cf5 "NO! I CANNOT DIE! EXISTENCE NEEDS ME!"\cf6\line The serpent is beaten back as the eater thrashes against the fade shields on the walls, trapped in it's own pit.\line\line\cf5 "NO! I AM BRIGHTEST! I AM GREATEST!"\cf6\line\cf7 "All things die... hush now... it's time to go to bed..."\cf6\line\line The immolated flesh of the eater gives way, and the starmetal skeleton below is exposed to the moonstone.\line\cf5 The last of the eater you hear, is a pitiful whine.\line "will it hurt?"\line\cf6\b\line Then New Dawn went off.\line You could see it all. Charity at the door in chapel, Psalm at the hospital in Sarn, Captain Celeano on the deck of the Persistence over an ocean.\line\line The beam of light shone out into the universe.\line Among it's brilliance, millions of souls.\line Some visit you, briefly. The fragments of Selena's soul from your body reunite, and join next to another larger golden soul. The two vividly pass to the everafter together.\par
\par
Those that remained in the radiant column, once bodies, of a learner, of a fallen, of a protector. \line On the wreckage of the pit, they stared at the stars and souls above.\line\line Darkness takes them. yet their lips curl into smiles as the rumbling in the radiance grew. Becoming a song, and their entire world... singing into eternity.\par
\par
{\cf0\b0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/HmavpxQYbPQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/HmavpxQYbPQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf0\b0\f0\fs22\lang1033  - Aetherwake, main theme. Short.\cf6\b\fs24\lang9\par
\par
\par
\cf0\fs22 Congratulations.\line Return to Play 13. epilogue\line\b0\par
}
 